---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_acme_cert_manager_io_order_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "acme.cert-manager.io"
description: |-
  Order is a type to represent an Order with an ACME server
---

# k8s_acme_cert_manager_io_order_v1_manifest (Data Source)

Order is a type to represent an Order with an ACME server

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_acme_cert_manager_io_order_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
  spec = {
    issuer_ref = {
      group = "some-group"
      kind  = "some-kind"
      name  = "some-name"
    }
    request = "c29tZS1yZXF1ZXN0"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `issuer_ref` (Attributes) IssuerRef references a properly configured ACME-type Issuer which shouldbe used to create this Order.If the Issuer does not exist, processing will be retried.If the Issuer is not an 'ACME' Issuer, an error will be returned and theOrder will be marked as failed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--issuer_ref))
- `request` (String) Certificate signing request bytes in DER encoding.This will be used when finalizing the order.This field must be set on the order.

Optional:

- `common_name` (String) CommonName is the common name as specified on the DER encoded CSR.If specified, this value must also be present in 'dnsNames' or 'ipAddresses'.This field must match the corresponding field on the DER encoded CSR.
- `dns_names` (List of String) DNSNames is a list of DNS names that should be included as part of the Ordervalidation process.This field must match the corresponding field on the DER encoded CSR.
- `duration` (String) Duration is the duration for the not after date for the requested certificate.this is set on order creation as pe the ACME spec.
- `ip_addresses` (List of String) IPAddresses is a list of IP addresses that should be included as part of the Ordervalidation process.This field must match the corresponding field on the DER encoded CSR.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--issuer_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.issuer_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the resource being referred to.

Optional:

- `group` (String) Group of the resource being referred to.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the resource being referred to.
