---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_acmpca_services_k8s_aws_certificate_authority_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "acmpca.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  CertificateAuthority is the Schema for the CertificateAuthorities API
---

# k8s_acmpca_services_k8s_aws_certificate_authority_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

CertificateAuthority is the Schema for the CertificateAuthorities API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_acmpca_services_k8s_aws_certificate_authority_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) CertificateAuthoritySpec defines the desired state of CertificateAuthority. Contains information about your private certificate authority (CA). Your private CA can issue and revoke X.509 digital certificates. Digital certificates verify that the entity named in the certificate Subject field owns or controls the public key contained in the Subject Public Key Info field. Call the CreateCertificateAuthority (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/privateca/latest/APIReference/API_CreateCertificateAuthority.html) action to create your private CA. You must then call the GetCertificateAuthorityCertificate (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/privateca/latest/APIReference/API_GetCertificateAuthorityCertificate.html) action to retrieve a private CA certificate signing request (CSR). Sign the CSR with your Amazon Web Services Private CA-hosted or on-premises root or subordinate CA certificate. Call the ImportCertificateAuthorityCertificate (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/privateca/latest/APIReference/API_ImportCertificateAuthorityCertificate.html) action to import the signed certificate into Certificate Manager (ACM). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `certificate_authority_configuration` (Attributes) Name and bit size of the private key algorithm, the name of the signing algorithm, and X.500 certificate subject information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--certificate_authority_configuration))

Optional:

- `key_storage_security_standard` (String) Specifies a cryptographic key management compliance standard used for handling CA keys. Default: FIPS_140_2_LEVEL_3_OR_HIGHER Some Amazon Web Services Regions do not support the default. When creating a CA in these Regions, you must provide FIPS_140_2_LEVEL_2_OR_HIGHER as the argument for KeyStorageSecurityStandard. Failure to do this results in an InvalidArgsException with the message, 'A certificate authority cannot be created in this region with the specified security standard.' For information about security standard support in various Regions, see Storage and security compliance of Amazon Web Services Private CA private keys (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/privateca/latest/userguide/data-protection.html#private-keys).
- `revocation_configuration` (Attributes) Contains information to enable Online Certificate Status Protocol (OCSP) support, to enable a certificate revocation list (CRL), to enable both, or to enable neither. The default is for both certificate validation mechanisms to be disabled. The following requirements apply to revocation configurations. * A configuration disabling CRLs or OCSP must contain only the Enabled=False parameter, and will fail if other parameters such as CustomCname or ExpirationInDays are included. * In a CRL configuration, the S3BucketName parameter must conform to Amazon S3 bucket naming rules (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/bucketnamingrules.html). * A configuration containing a custom Canonical Name (CNAME) parameter for CRLs or OCSP must conform to RFC2396 (https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2396.txt) restrictions on the use of special characters in a CNAME. * In a CRL or OCSP configuration, the value of a CNAME parameter must not include a protocol prefix such as 'http://' or 'https://'. For more information, see the OcspConfiguration (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/privateca/latest/APIReference/API_OcspConfiguration.html) and CrlConfiguration (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/privateca/latest/APIReference/API_CrlConfiguration.html) types. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--revocation_configuration))
- `tags` (Attributes List) Key-value pairs that will be attached to the new private CA. You can associate up to 50 tags with a private CA. For information using tags with IAM to manage permissions, see Controlling Access Using IAM Tags (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access_iam-tags.html). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tags))
- `type` (String) The type of the certificate authority.
- `usage_mode` (String) Specifies whether the CA issues general-purpose certificates that typically require a revocation mechanism, or short-lived certificates that may optionally omit revocation because they expire quickly. Short-lived certificate validity is limited to seven days. The default value is GENERAL_PURPOSE.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--certificate_authority_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.certificate_authority_configuration`

Optional:

- `csr_extensions` (Attributes) Describes the certificate extensions to be added to the certificate signing request (CSR). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--certificate_authority_configuration--csr_extensions))
- `key_algorithm` (String)
- `signing_algorithm` (String)
- `subject` (Attributes) Contains information about the certificate subject. The Subject field in the certificate identifies the entity that owns or controls the public key in the certificate. The entity can be a user, computer, device, or service. The Subject must contain an X.500 distinguished name (DN). A DN is a sequence of relative distinguished names (RDNs). The RDNs are separated by commas in the certificate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--certificate_authority_configuration--subject))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--certificate_authority_configuration--csr_extensions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.certificate_authority_configuration.csr_extensions`

Optional:

- `key_usage` (Attributes) Defines one or more purposes for which the key contained in the certificate can be used. Default value for each option is false. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--certificate_authority_configuration--csr_extensions--key_usage))
- `subject_information_access` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--certificate_authority_configuration--csr_extensions--subject_information_access))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--certificate_authority_configuration--csr_extensions--key_usage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.certificate_authority_configuration.csr_extensions.key_usage`

Optional:

- `crl_sign` (Boolean)
- `data_encipherment` (Boolean)
- `decipher_only` (Boolean)
- `digital_signature` (Boolean)
- `encipher_only` (Boolean)
- `key_agreement` (Boolean)
- `key_cert_sign` (Boolean)
- `key_encipherment` (Boolean)
- `non_repudiation` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--certificate_authority_configuration--csr_extensions--subject_information_access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.certificate_authority_configuration.csr_extensions.subject_information_access`

Optional:

- `access_location` (Attributes) Describes an ASN.1 X.400 GeneralName as defined in RFC 5280 (https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc5280). Only one of the following naming options should be provided. Providing more than one option results in an InvalidArgsException error. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--certificate_authority_configuration--csr_extensions--subject_information_access--access_location))
- `access_method` (Attributes) Describes the type and format of extension access. Only one of CustomObjectIdentifier or AccessMethodType may be provided. Providing both results in InvalidArgsException. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--certificate_authority_configuration--csr_extensions--subject_information_access--access_method))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--certificate_authority_configuration--csr_extensions--subject_information_access--access_location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.certificate_authority_configuration.csr_extensions.subject_information_access.access_location`

Optional:

- `directory_name` (Attributes) Contains information about the certificate subject. The Subject field in the certificate identifies the entity that owns or controls the public key in the certificate. The entity can be a user, computer, device, or service. The Subject must contain an X.500 distinguished name (DN). A DN is a sequence of relative distinguished names (RDNs). The RDNs are separated by commas in the certificate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--certificate_authority_configuration--csr_extensions--subject_information_access--access_location--directory_name))
- `dns_name` (String)
- `edi_party_name` (Attributes) Describes an Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) entity as described in as defined in Subject Alternative Name (https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc5280) in RFC 5280. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--certificate_authority_configuration--csr_extensions--subject_information_access--access_location--edi_party_name))
- `ip_address` (String)
- `other_name` (Attributes) Defines a custom ASN.1 X.400 GeneralName using an object identifier (OID) and value. The OID must satisfy the regular expression shown below. For more information, see NIST's definition of Object Identifier (OID) (https://csrc.nist.gov/glossary/term/Object_Identifier). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--certificate_authority_configuration--csr_extensions--subject_information_access--access_location--other_name))
- `registered_id` (String)
- `rfc822_name` (String)
- `uniform_resource_identifier` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--certificate_authority_configuration--csr_extensions--subject_information_access--access_location--directory_name"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.certificate_authority_configuration.csr_extensions.subject_information_access.access_location.directory_name`

Optional:

- `common_name` (String)
- `country` (String)
- `custom_attributes` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--certificate_authority_configuration--csr_extensions--subject_information_access--access_location--directory_name--custom_attributes))
- `distinguished_name_qualifier` (String)
- `generation_qualifier` (String)
- `given_name` (String)
- `initials` (String)
- `locality` (String)
- `organization` (String)
- `organizational_unit` (String)
- `pseudonym` (String)
- `serial_number` (String)
- `state` (String)
- `surname` (String)
- `title` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--certificate_authority_configuration--csr_extensions--subject_information_access--access_location--directory_name--custom_attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.certificate_authority_configuration.csr_extensions.subject_information_access.access_location.directory_name.custom_attributes`

Optional:

- `object_identifier` (String)
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--certificate_authority_configuration--csr_extensions--subject_information_access--access_location--edi_party_name"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.certificate_authority_configuration.csr_extensions.subject_information_access.access_location.edi_party_name`

Optional:

- `name_assigner` (String)
- `party_name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--certificate_authority_configuration--csr_extensions--subject_information_access--access_location--other_name"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.certificate_authority_configuration.csr_extensions.subject_information_access.access_location.other_name`

Optional:

- `type_id` (String)
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--certificate_authority_configuration--csr_extensions--subject_information_access--access_method"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.certificate_authority_configuration.csr_extensions.subject_information_access.access_method`

Optional:

- `access_method_type` (String)
- `custom_object_identifier` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--spec--certificate_authority_configuration--subject"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.certificate_authority_configuration.subject`

Optional:

- `common_name` (String)
- `country` (String)
- `custom_attributes` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--certificate_authority_configuration--subject--custom_attributes))
- `distinguished_name_qualifier` (String)
- `generation_qualifier` (String)
- `given_name` (String)
- `initials` (String)
- `locality` (String)
- `organization` (String)
- `organizational_unit` (String)
- `pseudonym` (String)
- `serial_number` (String)
- `state` (String)
- `surname` (String)
- `title` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--certificate_authority_configuration--subject--custom_attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.certificate_authority_configuration.subject.custom_attributes`

Optional:

- `object_identifier` (String)
- `value` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--spec--revocation_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.revocation_configuration`

Optional:

- `crl_configuration` (Attributes) Contains configuration information for a certificate revocation list (CRL). Your private certificate authority (CA) creates base CRLs. Delta CRLs are not supported. You can enable CRLs for your new or an existing private CA by setting the Enabled parameter to true. Your private CA writes CRLs to an S3 bucket that you specify in the S3BucketName parameter. You can hide the name of your bucket by specifying a value for the CustomCname parameter. Your private CA copies the CNAME or the S3 bucket name to the CRL Distribution Points extension of each certificate it issues. Your S3 bucket policy must give write permission to Amazon Web Services Private CA. Amazon Web Services Private CA assets that are stored in Amazon S3 can be protected with encryption. For more information, see Encrypting Your CRLs (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/privateca/latest/userguide/PcaCreateCa.html#crl-encryption). Your private CA uses the value in the ExpirationInDays parameter to calculate the nextUpdate field in the CRL. The CRL is refreshed prior to a certificate's expiration date or when a certificate is revoked. When a certificate is revoked, it appears in the CRL until the certificate expires, and then in one additional CRL after expiration, and it always appears in the audit report. A CRL is typically updated approximately 30 minutes after a certificate is revoked. If for any reason a CRL update fails, Amazon Web Services Private CA makes further attempts every 15 minutes. CRLs contain the following fields: * Version: The current version number defined in RFC 5280 is V2. The integer value is 0x1. * Signature Algorithm: The name of the algorithm used to sign the CRL. * Issuer: The X.500 distinguished name of your private CA that issued the CRL. * Last Update: The issue date and time of this CRL. * Next Update: The day and time by which the next CRL will be issued. * Revoked Certificates: List of revoked certificates. Each list item contains the following information. Serial Number: The serial number, in hexadecimal format, of the revoked certificate. Revocation Date: Date and time the certificate was revoked. CRL Entry Extensions: Optional extensions for the CRL entry. X509v3 CRL Reason Code: Reason the certificate was revoked. * CRL Extensions: Optional extensions for the CRL. X509v3 Authority Key Identifier: Identifies the public key associated with the private key used to sign the certificate. X509v3 CRL Number:: Decimal sequence number for the CRL. * Signature Algorithm: Algorithm used by your private CA to sign the CRL. * Signature Value: Signature computed over the CRL. Certificate revocation lists created by Amazon Web Services Private CA are DER-encoded. You can use the following OpenSSL command to list a CRL. openssl crl -inform DER -text -in crl_path -noout For more information, see Planning a certificate revocation list (CRL) (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/privateca/latest/userguide/crl-planning.html) in the Amazon Web Services Private Certificate Authority User Guide (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--revocation_configuration--crl_configuration))
- `ocsp_configuration` (Attributes) Contains information to enable and configure Online Certificate Status Protocol (OCSP) for validating certificate revocation status. When you revoke a certificate, OCSP responses may take up to 60 minutes to reflect the new status. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--revocation_configuration--ocsp_configuration))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--revocation_configuration--crl_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.revocation_configuration.crl_configuration`

Optional:

- `custom_cname` (String)
- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `expiration_in_days` (Number)
- `s3_bucket_name` (String)
- `s3_object_acl` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--revocation_configuration--ocsp_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.revocation_configuration.ocsp_configuration`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `ocsp_custom_cname` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)
