---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_acmpca_services_k8s_aws_certificate_authority_activation_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "acmpca.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  CertificateAuthorityActivation is the Schema for the CertificateAuthorityActivations API
---

# k8s_acmpca_services_k8s_aws_certificate_authority_activation_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

CertificateAuthorityActivation is the Schema for the CertificateAuthorityActivations API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_acmpca_services_k8s_aws_certificate_authority_activation_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) CertificateAuthorityActivationSpec defines the desired state of CertificateAuthorityActivation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `certificate` (Attributes) SecretKeyReference combines a k8s corev1.SecretReference with aspecific key within the referred-to Secret (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--certificate))

Optional:

- `certificate_authority_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) that was returned when you called CreateCertificateAuthority(https://docs.aws.amazon.com/privateca/latest/APIReference/API_CreateCertificateAuthority.html).This must be of the form:arn:aws:acm-pca:region:account:certificate-authority/12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012
- `certificate_authority_ref` (Attributes) AWSResourceReferenceWrapper provides a wrapper around *AWSResourceReferencetype to provide more user friendly syntax for references using 'from' fieldEx:APIIDRef:	from:	  name: my-api (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--certificate_authority_ref))
- `certificate_chain` (Attributes) SecretKeyReference combines a k8s corev1.SecretReference with aspecific key within the referred-to Secret (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--certificate_chain))
- `status` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--certificate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.certificate`

Required:

- `key` (String) Key is the key within the secret

Optional:

- `name` (String) name is unique within a namespace to reference a secret resource.
- `namespace` (String) namespace defines the space within which the secret name must be unique.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--certificate_authority_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.certificate_authority_ref`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference anotherk8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--certificate_authority_ref--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--certificate_authority_ref--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.certificate_authority_ref.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--certificate_chain"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.certificate_chain`

Required:

- `key` (String) Key is the key within the secret

Optional:

- `name` (String) name is unique within a namespace to reference a secret resource.
- `namespace` (String) namespace defines the space within which the secret name must be unique.
