---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_actions_summerwind_dev_horizontal_runner_autoscaler_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "actions.summerwind.dev"
description: |-
  HorizontalRunnerAutoscaler is the Schema for the horizontalrunnerautoscaler API
---

# k8s_actions_summerwind_dev_horizontal_runner_autoscaler_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

HorizontalRunnerAutoscaler is the Schema for the horizontalrunnerautoscaler API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_actions_summerwind_dev_horizontal_runner_autoscaler_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) HorizontalRunnerAutoscalerSpec defines the desired state of HorizontalRunnerAutoscaler (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `capacity_reservations` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--capacity_reservations))
- `github_api_credentials_from` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--github_api_credentials_from))
- `max_replicas` (Number) MaxReplicas is the maximum number of replicas the deployment is allowed to scale
- `metrics` (Attributes List) Metrics is the collection of various metric targets to calculate desired number of runners (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--metrics))
- `min_replicas` (Number) MinReplicas is the minimum number of replicas the deployment is allowed to scale
- `scale_down_delay_seconds_after_scale_out` (Number) ScaleDownDelaySecondsAfterScaleUp is the approximate delay for a scale down followed by a scale upUsed to prevent flapping (down->up->down->... loop)
- `scale_target_ref` (Attributes) ScaleTargetRef is the reference to scaled resource like RunnerDeployment (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scale_target_ref))
- `scale_up_triggers` (Attributes List) ScaleUpTriggers is an experimental feature to increase the desired replicas by 1on each webhook requested received by the webhookBasedAutoscaler.This feature requires you to also enable and deploy the webhookBasedAutoscaler onto your cluster.Note that the added runners remain until the next sync period at least,and they may or may not be used by GitHub Actions depending on the timing.They are intended to be used to gain 'resource slack' immediately after youreceive a webhook from GitHub, so that you can loosely expect MinReplicas runners to be always available. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scale_up_triggers))
- `scheduled_overrides` (Attributes List) ScheduledOverrides is the list of ScheduledOverride.It can be used to override a few fields of HorizontalRunnerAutoscalerSpec on schedule.The earlier a scheduled override is, the higher it is prioritized. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduled_overrides))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--capacity_reservations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.capacity_reservations`

Optional:

- `effective_time` (String)
- `expiration_time` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `replicas` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--github_api_credentials_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.github_api_credentials_from`

Optional:

- `secret_ref` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--github_api_credentials_from--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--github_api_credentials_from--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.github_api_credentials_from.secret_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--metrics"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metrics`

Optional:

- `repository_names` (List of String) RepositoryNames is the list of repository names to be used for calculating the metric.For example, a repository name is the REPO part of 'github.com/USER/REPO'.
- `scale_down_adjustment` (Number) ScaleDownAdjustment is the number of runners removed on scale-down.You can only specify either ScaleDownFactor or ScaleDownAdjustment.
- `scale_down_factor` (String) ScaleDownFactor is the multiplicative factor applied to the current number of runners usedto determine how many pods should be removed.
- `scale_down_threshold` (String) ScaleDownThreshold is the percentage of busy runners less than which willtrigger the hpa to scale the runners down.
- `scale_up_adjustment` (Number) ScaleUpAdjustment is the number of runners added on scale-up.You can only specify either ScaleUpFactor or ScaleUpAdjustment.
- `scale_up_factor` (String) ScaleUpFactor is the multiplicative factor applied to the current number of runners usedto determine how many pods should be added.
- `scale_up_threshold` (String) ScaleUpThreshold is the percentage of busy runners greater than which willtrigger the hpa to scale runners up.
- `type` (String) Type is the type of metric to be used for autoscaling.It can be TotalNumberOfQueuedAndInProgressWorkflowRuns or PercentageRunnersBusy.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--scale_target_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scale_target_ref`

Optional:

- `kind` (String) Kind is the type of resource being referenced
- `name` (String) Name is the name of resource being referenced


<a id="nestedatt--spec--scale_up_triggers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scale_up_triggers`

Optional:

- `amount` (Number)
- `duration` (String)
- `github_event` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scale_up_triggers--github_event))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scale_up_triggers--github_event"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scale_up_triggers.github_event`

Optional:

- `check_run` (Attributes) https://docs.github.com/en/actions/reference/events-that-trigger-workflows#check_run (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scale_up_triggers--github_event--check_run))
- `pull_request` (Attributes) https://docs.github.com/en/actions/reference/events-that-trigger-workflows#pull_request (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scale_up_triggers--github_event--pull_request))
- `push` (Map of String) PushSpec is the condition for triggering scale-up on push eventAlso see https://docs.github.com/en/actions/reference/events-that-trigger-workflows#push
- `workflow_job` (Map of String) https://docs.github.com/en/developers/webhooks-and-events/webhooks/webhook-events-and-payloads#workflow_job

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scale_up_triggers--github_event--check_run"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scale_up_triggers.github_event.check_run`

Optional:

- `names` (List of String) Names is a list of GitHub Actions glob patterns.Any check_run event whose name matches one of patterns in the list can trigger autoscaling.Note that check_run name seem to equal to the job name you've defined in your actions workflow yaml file.So it is very likely that you can utilize this to trigger depending on the job.
- `repositories` (List of String) Repositories is a list of GitHub repositories.Any check_run event whose repository matches one of repositories in the list can trigger autoscaling.
- `status` (String)
- `types` (List of String) One of: created, rerequested, or completed


<a id="nestedatt--spec--scale_up_triggers--github_event--pull_request"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scale_up_triggers.github_event.pull_request`

Optional:

- `branches` (List of String)
- `types` (List of String)




<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduled_overrides"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduled_overrides`

Required:

- `end_time` (String) EndTime is the time at which the first override ends.
- `start_time` (String) StartTime is the time at which the first override starts.

Optional:

- `min_replicas` (Number) MinReplicas is the number of runners while overriding.If omitted, it doesn't override minReplicas.
- `recurrence_rule` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduled_overrides--recurrence_rule))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduled_overrides--recurrence_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduled_overrides.recurrence_rule`

Optional:

- `frequency` (String) Frequency is the name of a predefined interval of each recurrence.The valid values are 'Daily', 'Weekly', 'Monthly', and 'Yearly'.If empty, the corresponding override happens only once.
- `until_time` (String) UntilTime is the time of the final recurrence.If empty, the schedule recurs forever.
