---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_addons_cluster_x_k8s_io_cluster_resource_set_v1beta1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "addons.cluster.x-k8s.io"
description: |-
  ClusterResourceSet is the Schema for the clusterresourcesets API.
---

# k8s_addons_cluster_x_k8s_io_cluster_resource_set_v1beta1_manifest (Data Source)

ClusterResourceSet is the Schema for the clusterresourcesets API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_addons_cluster_x_k8s_io_cluster_resource_set_v1beta1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) ClusterResourceSetSpec defines the desired state of ClusterResourceSet. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `cluster_selector` (Attributes) Label selector for Clusters. The Clusters that are selected by this will be the ones affected by this ClusterResourceSet. It must match the Cluster labels. This field is immutable. Label selector cannot be empty. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_selector))

Optional:

- `resources` (Attributes List) Resources is a list of Secrets/ConfigMaps where each contains 1 or more resources to be applied to remote clusters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources))
- `strategy` (String) Strategy is the strategy to be used during applying resources. Defaults to ApplyOnce. This field is immutable.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind of the resource. Supported kinds are: Secrets and ConfigMaps.
- `name` (String) Name of the resource that is in the same namespace with ClusterResourceSet object.
