---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_admissionregistration_k8s_io_validating_webhook_configuration_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ValidatingWebhookConfiguration describes the configuration of and admission webhook that accept or reject and object without changing it.
---

# k8s_admissionregistration_k8s_io_validating_webhook_configuration_v1_manifest (Data Source)

ValidatingWebhookConfiguration describes the configuration of and admission webhook that accept or reject and object without changing it.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_admissionregistration_k8s_io_validating_webhook_configuration_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"
  }
  webhooks = [
    {
      name = "test.terraform.io"

      admission_review_versions = ["v1", "v1beta1"]

      client_config = {
        service = {
          namespace = "example-namespace"
          name      = "example-service"
        }
      }

      rules = [
        {
          api_groups   = ["apps"]
          api_versions = ["v1"]
          operations   = ["CREATE"]
          resources    = ["deployments"]
          scope        = "Namespaced"
        },
      ]

      side_effects = "None"
    },
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `webhooks` (Attributes List) Webhooks is a list of webhooks and the affected resources and operations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--webhooks))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--webhooks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhooks`

Required:

- `admission_review_versions` (List of String) AdmissionReviewVersions is an ordered list of preferred 'AdmissionReview' versions the Webhook expects. API server will try to use first version in the list which it supports. If none of the versions specified in this list supported by API server, validation will fail for this object. If a persisted webhook configuration specifies allowed versions and does not include any versions known to the API Server, calls to the webhook will fail and be subject to the failure policy.
- `client_config` (Attributes) WebhookClientConfig contains the information to make a TLS connection with the webhook (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--webhooks--client_config))
- `name` (String) The name of the admission webhook. Name should be fully qualified, e.g., imagepolicy.kubernetes.io, where 'imagepolicy' is the name of the webhook, and kubernetes.io is the name of the organization. Required.
- `side_effects` (String) SideEffects states whether this webhook has side effects. Acceptable values are: None, NoneOnDryRun (webhooks created via v1beta1 may also specify Some or Unknown). Webhooks with side effects MUST implement a reconciliation system, since a request may be rejected by a future step in the admission chain and the side effects therefore need to be undone. Requests with the dryRun attribute will be auto-rejected if they match a webhook with sideEffects == Unknown or Some.

Optional:

- `failure_policy` (String) FailurePolicy defines how unrecognized errors from the admission endpoint are handled - allowed values are Ignore or Fail. Defaults to Fail.
- `match_policy` (String) matchPolicy defines how the 'rules' list is used to match incoming requests. Allowed values are 'Exact' or 'Equivalent'.- Exact: match a request only if it exactly matches a specified rule. For example, if deployments can be modified via apps/v1, apps/v1beta1, and extensions/v1beta1, but 'rules' only included 'apiGroups:['apps'], apiVersions:['v1'], resources: ['deployments']', a request to apps/v1beta1 or extensions/v1beta1 would not be sent to the webhook.- Equivalent: match a request if modifies a resource listed in rules, even via another API group or version. For example, if deployments can be modified via apps/v1, apps/v1beta1, and extensions/v1beta1, and 'rules' only included 'apiGroups:['apps'], apiVersions:['v1'], resources: ['deployments']', a request to apps/v1beta1 or extensions/v1beta1 would be converted to apps/v1 and sent to the webhook.Defaults to 'Equivalent'
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) A label selector is a label query over a set of resources. The result of matchLabels and matchExpressions are ANDed. An empty label selector matches all objects. A null label selector matches no objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--webhooks--namespace_selector))
- `object_selector` (Attributes) A label selector is a label query over a set of resources. The result of matchLabels and matchExpressions are ANDed. An empty label selector matches all objects. A null label selector matches no objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--webhooks--object_selector))
- `rules` (Attributes List) Rules describes what operations on what resources/subresources the webhook cares about. The webhook cares about an operation if it matches _any_ Rule. However, in order to prevent ValidatingAdmissionWebhooks and MutatingAdmissionWebhooks from putting the cluster in a state which cannot be recovered from without completely disabling the plugin, ValidatingAdmissionWebhooks and MutatingAdmissionWebhooks are never called on admission requests for ValidatingWebhookConfiguration and MutatingWebhookConfiguration objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--webhooks--rules))
- `timeout_seconds` (Number) TimeoutSeconds specifies the timeout for this webhook. After the timeout passes, the webhook call will be ignored or the API call will fail based on the failure policy. The timeout value must be between 1 and 30 seconds. Default to 10 seconds.

<a id="nestedatt--webhooks--client_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhooks.client_config`

Optional:

- `ca_bundle` (String) 'caBundle' is a PEM encoded CA bundle which will be used to validate the webhook's server certificate. If unspecified, system trust roots on the apiserver are used.
- `service` (Attributes) ServiceReference holds a reference to Service.legacy.k8s.io (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--webhooks--client_config--service))
- `url` (String) 'url' gives the location of the webhook, in standard URL form ('scheme://host:port/path'). Exactly one of 'url' or 'service' must be specified.The 'host' should not refer to a service running in the cluster; use the 'service' field instead. The host might be resolved via external DNS in some apiservers (e.g., 'kube-apiserver' cannot resolve in-cluster DNS as that would be a layering violation). 'host' may also be an IP address.Please note that using 'localhost' or '127.0.0.1' as a 'host' is risky unless you take great care to run this webhook on all hosts which run an apiserver which might need to make calls to this webhook. Such installs are likely to be non-portable, i.e., not easy to turn up in a new cluster.The scheme must be 'https'; the URL must begin with 'https://'.A path is optional, and if present may be any string permissible in a URL. You may use the path to pass an arbitrary string to the webhook, for example, a cluster identifier.Attempting to use a user or basic auth e.g. 'user:password@' is not allowed. Fragments ('#...') and query parameters ('?...') are not allowed, either.

<a id="nestedatt--webhooks--client_config--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhooks.client_config.service`

Required:

- `name` (String) 'name' is the name of the service. Required
- `namespace` (String) 'namespace' is the namespace of the service. Required

Optional:

- `path` (String) 'path' is an optional URL path which will be sent in any request to this service.
- `port` (Number) If specified, the port on the service that hosting webhook. Default to 443 for backward compatibility. 'port' should be a valid port number (1-65535, inclusive).



<a id="nestedatt--webhooks--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhooks.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--webhooks--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--webhooks--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhooks.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--webhooks--object_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhooks.object_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--webhooks--object_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--webhooks--object_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhooks.object_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--webhooks--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhooks.rules`

Optional:

- `api_groups` (List of String) APIGroups is the API groups the resources belong to. '*' is all groups. If '*' is present, the length of the slice must be one. Required.
- `api_versions` (List of String) APIVersions is the API versions the resources belong to. '*' is all versions. If '*' is present, the length of the slice must be one. Required.
- `operations` (List of String) Operations is the operations the admission hook cares about - CREATE, UPDATE, DELETE, CONNECT or * for all of those operations and any future admission operations that are added. If '*' is present, the length of the slice must be one. Required.
- `resources` (List of String) Resources is a list of resources this rule applies to.For example: 'pods' means pods. 'pods/log' means the log subresource of pods. '*' means all resources, but not subresources. 'pods/*' means all subresources of pods. '*/scale' means all scale subresources. '*/*' means all resources and their subresources.If wildcard is present, the validation rule will ensure resources do not overlap with each other.Depending on the enclosing object, subresources might not be allowed. Required.
- `scope` (String) scope specifies the scope of this rule. Valid values are 'Cluster', 'Namespaced', and '*' 'Cluster' means that only cluster-scoped resources will match this rule. Namespace API objects are cluster-scoped. 'Namespaced' means that only namespaced resources will match this rule. '*' means that there are no scope restrictions. Subresources match the scope of their parent resource. Default is '*'.
