---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_anywhere_eks_amazonaws_com_oidc_config_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "anywhere.eks.amazonaws.com"
description: |-
  OIDCConfig is the Schema for the oidcconfigs API.
---

# k8s_anywhere_eks_amazonaws_com_oidc_config_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

OIDCConfig is the Schema for the oidcconfigs API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_anywhere_eks_amazonaws_com_oidc_config_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) OIDCConfigSpec defines the desired state of OIDCConfig. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `client_id` (String) ClientId defines the client ID for the OpenID Connect client
- `groups_claim` (String) GroupsClaim defines the name of a custom OpenID Connect claim for specifying user groups
- `groups_prefix` (String) GroupsPrefix defines a string to be prefixed to all groups to prevent conflicts with other authentication strategies
- `issuer_url` (String) IssuerUrl defines the URL of the OpenID issuer, only HTTPS scheme will be accepted
- `required_claims` (Attributes List) RequiredClaims defines a key=value pair that describes a required claim in the ID Token (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--required_claims))
- `username_claim` (String) UsernameClaim defines the OpenID claim to use as the user name. Note that claims other than the default ('sub') is not guaranteed to be unique and immutable
- `username_prefix` (String) UsernamePrefix defines a string to prefixed to all usernames. If not provided, username claims other than 'email' are prefixed by the issuer URL to avoid clashes. To skip any prefixing, provide the value '-'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--required_claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.required_claims`

Optional:

- `claim` (String)
- `value` (String)
