---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_anywhere_eks_amazonaws_com_cloud_stack_datacenter_config_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "anywhere.eks.amazonaws.com"
description: |-
  CloudStackDatacenterConfig is the Schema for the cloudstackdatacenterconfigs API.
---

# k8s_anywhere_eks_amazonaws_com_cloud_stack_datacenter_config_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

CloudStackDatacenterConfig is the Schema for the cloudstackdatacenterconfigs API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_anywhere_eks_amazonaws_com_cloud_stack_datacenter_config_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) CloudStackDatacenterConfigSpec defines the desired state of CloudStackDatacenterConfig. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `account` (String) Account typically represents a customer of the service provider or a department in a large organization. Multiple users can exist in an account, and all CloudStack resources belong to an account. Accounts have users and users have credentials to operate on resources within that account. If an account name is provided, a domain must also be provided. Deprecated: Please use AvailabilityZones instead
- `availability_zones` (Attributes List) AvailabilityZones list of different partitions to distribute VMs across - corresponds to a list of CAPI failure domains (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--availability_zones))
- `domain` (String) Domain contains a grouping of accounts. Domains usually contain multiple accounts that have some logical relationship to each other and a set of delegated administrators with some authority over the domain and its subdomains This field is considered as a fully qualified domain name which is the same as the domain path without 'ROOT/' prefix. For example, if 'foo' is specified then a domain with 'ROOT/foo' domain path is picked. The value 'ROOT' is a special case that points to 'the' ROOT domain of the CloudStack. That is, a domain with a path 'ROOT/ROOT' is not allowed. Deprecated: Please use AvailabilityZones instead
- `management_api_endpoint` (String) CloudStack Management API endpoint's IP. It is added to VM's noproxy list Deprecated: Please use AvailabilityZones instead
- `zones` (Attributes List) Zones is a list of one or more zones that are managed by a single CloudStack management endpoint. Deprecated: Please use AvailabilityZones instead (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--zones))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--availability_zones"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.availability_zones`

Required:

- `credentials_ref` (String) CredentialRef is used to reference a secret in the eksa-system namespace
- `domain` (String) Domain contains a grouping of accounts. Domains usually contain multiple accounts that have some logical relationship to each other and a set of delegated administrators with some authority over the domain and its subdomains This field is considered as a fully qualified domain name which is the same as the domain path without 'ROOT/' prefix. For example, if 'foo' is specified then a domain with 'ROOT/foo' domain path is picked. The value 'ROOT' is a special case that points to 'the' ROOT domain of the CloudStack. That is, a domain with a path 'ROOT/ROOT' is not allowed.
- `management_api_endpoint` (String) CloudStack Management API endpoint's IP. It is added to VM's noproxy list
- `name` (String) Name is used as a unique identifier for each availability zone
- `zone` (Attributes) Zone represents the properties of the CloudStack zone in which clusters should be created, like the network. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--availability_zones--zone))

Optional:

- `account` (String) Account typically represents a customer of the service provider or a department in a large organization. Multiple users can exist in an account, and all CloudStack resources belong to an account. Accounts have users and users have credentials to operate on resources within that account. If an account name is provided, a domain must also be provided.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--availability_zones--zone"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.availability_zones.zone`

Required:

- `network` (Attributes) Network is the name or UUID of the CloudStack network in which clusters should be created. It can either be an isolated or shared network. If it doesn’t already exist in CloudStack, it’ll automatically be created by CAPC as an isolated network. It can either be specified as a UUID or name In multiple-zones situation, only 'Shared' network is supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--availability_zones--zone--network))

Optional:

- `id` (String) Zone is the name or UUID of the CloudStack zone in which clusters should be created. Zones should be managed by a single CloudStack Management endpoint.
- `name` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--availability_zones--zone--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.availability_zones.zone.name`

Optional:

- `id` (String) Id of a resource in the CloudStack environment. Mutually exclusive with Name
- `name` (String) Name of a resource in the CloudStack environment. Mutually exclusive with Id




<a id="nestedatt--spec--zones"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.zones`

Required:

- `network` (Attributes) Network is the name or UUID of the CloudStack network in which clusters should be created. It can either be an isolated or shared network. If it doesn’t already exist in CloudStack, it’ll automatically be created by CAPC as an isolated network. It can either be specified as a UUID or name In multiple-zones situation, only 'Shared' network is supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--zones--network))

Optional:

- `id` (String) Zone is the name or UUID of the CloudStack zone in which clusters should be created. Zones should be managed by a single CloudStack Management endpoint.
- `name` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--zones--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.zones.network`

Optional:

- `id` (String) Id of a resource in the CloudStack environment. Mutually exclusive with Name
- `name` (String) Name of a resource in the CloudStack environment. Mutually exclusive with Id
