---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_anywhere_eks_amazonaws_com_flux_config_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "anywhere.eks.amazonaws.com"
description: |-
  FluxConfig is the Schema for the fluxconfigs API and defines the configurations of the Flux GitOps Toolkit and Git repository it links to.
---

# k8s_anywhere_eks_amazonaws_com_flux_config_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

FluxConfig is the Schema for the fluxconfigs API and defines the configurations of the Flux GitOps Toolkit and Git repository it links to.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_anywhere_eks_amazonaws_com_flux_config_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) FluxConfigSpec defines the desired state of FluxConfig. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `branch` (String) Git branch. Defaults to main.
- `cluster_config_path` (String) ClusterConfigPath relative to the repository root, when specified the cluster sync will be scoped to this path.
- `git` (Attributes) Used to specify Git provider that will be used to host the git files (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--git))
- `github` (Attributes) Used to specify Github provider to host the Git repo and host the git files (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--github))
- `system_namespace` (String) SystemNamespace scope for this operation. Defaults to flux-system

<a id="nestedatt--spec--git"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.git`

Required:

- `repository_url` (String) Repository URL for the repository to be used with flux. Can be either an SSH or HTTPS url.

Optional:

- `ssh_key_algorithm` (String) SSH public key algorithm for the private key specified (rsa, ecdsa, ed25519) (default ecdsa)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--github"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.github`

Required:

- `owner` (String) Owner is the user or organization name of the Git provider.
- `repository` (String) Repository name.

Optional:

- `personal` (Boolean) if true, the owner is assumed to be a Git user; otherwise an org.
