---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_anywhere_eks_amazonaws_com_snow_machine_config_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "anywhere.eks.amazonaws.com"
description: |-
  SnowMachineConfig is the Schema for the SnowMachineConfigs API.
---

# k8s_anywhere_eks_amazonaws_com_snow_machine_config_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

SnowMachineConfig is the Schema for the SnowMachineConfigs API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_anywhere_eks_amazonaws_com_snow_machine_config_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) SnowMachineConfigSpec defines the desired state of SnowMachineConfigSpec. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `network` (Attributes) Network provides the custom network setting for the machine. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network))

Optional:

- `ami_id` (String) The AMI ID from which to create the machine instance.
- `containers_volume` (Attributes) ContainersVolume provides the configuration options for the containers data storage volume. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--containers_volume))
- `devices` (List of String) Devices contains a device ip list assigned by the user to provision machines.
- `host_os_configuration` (Attributes) HostOSConfiguration provides OS specific configurations for the machine (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--host_os_configuration))
- `instance_type` (String) InstanceType is the type of instance to create.
- `non_root_volumes` (Attributes List) NonRootVolumes provides the configuration options for the non root storage volumes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--non_root_volumes))
- `os_family` (String) OSFamily is the node instance OS. Valid values: 'bottlerocket' and 'ubuntu'.
- `physical_network_connector` (String) PhysicalNetworkConnector is the physical network connector type to use for creating direct network interfaces (DNI). Valid values: 'SFP_PLUS' (default), 'QSFP' and 'RJ45'.
- `ssh_key_name` (String) SSHKeyName is the name of the ssh key defined in the aws snow key pairs, to attach to the instance.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network`

Optional:

- `direct_network_interfaces` (Attributes List) DirectNetworkInterfaces contains a list of direct network interface (DNI) configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network--direct_network_interfaces))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--network--direct_network_interfaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network.direct_network_interfaces`

Optional:

- `dhcp` (Boolean) DHCP defines whether DHCP is used to assign ip for the DNI.
- `index` (Number) Index is the index number of DNI used to clarify the position in the list. Usually starts with 1.
- `ip_pool_ref` (Attributes) IPPool contains a reference to a snow ip pool which provides a range of ip addresses. When specified, an ip address selected from the pool is allocated to this DNI. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network--direct_network_interfaces--ip_pool_ref))
- `primary` (Boolean) Primary indicates whether the DNI is primary or not.
- `vlan_id` (Number) VlanID is the vlan id assigned by the user for the DNI.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--network--direct_network_interfaces--ip_pool_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network.direct_network_interfaces.ip_pool_ref`

Optional:

- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--spec--containers_volume"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.containers_volume`

Required:

- `size` (Number) Size specifies size (in Gi) of the storage device. Must be greater than the image snapshot size or 8 (whichever is greater).

Optional:

- `device_name` (String) Device name
- `type` (String) Type is the type of the volume (sbp1 for capacity-optimized HDD, sbg1 performance-optimized SSD, default is sbp1)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--host_os_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.host_os_configuration`

Optional:

- `bottlerocket_configuration` (Attributes) BottlerocketConfiguration defines the Bottlerocket configuration on the host OS. These settings only take effect when the 'osFamily' is bottlerocket. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--host_os_configuration--bottlerocket_configuration))
- `cert_bundles` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--host_os_configuration--cert_bundles))
- `ntp_configuration` (Attributes) NTPConfiguration defines the NTP configuration on the host OS. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--host_os_configuration--ntp_configuration))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--host_os_configuration--bottlerocket_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.host_os_configuration.bottlerocket_configuration`

Optional:

- `boot` (Attributes) Boot defines the boot settings for bottlerocket. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--host_os_configuration--bottlerocket_configuration--boot))
- `kernel` (Attributes) Kernel defines the kernel settings for bottlerocket. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--host_os_configuration--bottlerocket_configuration--kernel))
- `kubernetes` (Attributes) Kubernetes defines the Kubernetes settings on the host OS. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--host_os_configuration--bottlerocket_configuration--kubernetes))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--host_os_configuration--bottlerocket_configuration--boot"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.host_os_configuration.bottlerocket_configuration.boot`

Optional:

- `boot_kernel_parameters` (Map of List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--host_os_configuration--bottlerocket_configuration--kernel"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.host_os_configuration.bottlerocket_configuration.kernel`

Optional:

- `sysctl_settings` (Map of String) SysctlSettings defines the kernel sysctl settings to set for bottlerocket nodes.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--host_os_configuration--bottlerocket_configuration--kubernetes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.host_os_configuration.bottlerocket_configuration.kubernetes`

Optional:

- `allowed_unsafe_sysctls` (List of String) AllowedUnsafeSysctls defines the list of unsafe sysctls that can be set on a node.
- `cluster_dnsi_ps` (List of String) ClusterDNSIPs defines IP addresses of the DNS servers.
- `cluster_domain` (String) ClusterDomain defines the DNS domain for the cluster, allowing all Kubernetes-run containers to search this domain before the host’s search domains
- `container_log_max_files` (Number) ContainerLogMaxFiles specifies the maximum number of container log files that can be present for a container
- `container_log_max_size` (String) ContainerLogMaxSize is a quantity defining the maximum size of the container log file before it is rotated
- `cpu_cfs_quota` (Boolean) CPUCFSQuota enables CPU CFS quota enforcement for containers that specify CPU limits
- `cpu_manager_policy` (String) CPUManagerPolicy is the name of the policy to use.
- `cpu_manager_policy_options` (Map of String) CPUManagerPolicyOptions is a set of key=value which allows to set extra options to fine tune the behaviour of the cpu manager policies
- `cpu_manager_reconcile_period` (String) CPUManagerReconcilePeriod is the reconciliation period for the CPU Manager.
- `event_burst` (Number) EventBurst is the maximum size of a burst of event creations.
- `event_record_qps` (Number) EventRecordQPS is the maximum event creations per second.
- `eviction_hard` (Map of String) EvictionHard is a map of signal names to quantities that defines hard eviction thresholds.
- `eviction_max_pod_grace_period` (Number) EvictionMaxPodGracePeriod is the maximum allowed grace period (in seconds) to use when terminating pods in response to a soft eviction threshold being met.
- `eviction_soft` (Map of String) EvictionSoft is a map of signal names to quantities that defines soft eviction thresholds.
- `eviction_soft_grace_period` (Map of String) EvictionSoftGracePeriod is a map of signal names to quantities that defines grace periods for each soft eviction signal.
- `image_gc_high_threshold_percent` (Number) ImageGCHighThresholdPercent is the percent of disk usage after which image garbage collection is always run.
- `image_gc_low_threshold_percent` (Number) ImageGCLowThresholdPercent is the percent of disk usage before which image garbage collection is never run.
- `kube_api_burst` (Number) KubeAPIBurst  is the burst to allow while talking with kubernetes API server.
- `kube_apiqps` (Number) KubeAPIQPS is the QPS to use while talking with kubernetes apiserver.
- `kube_reserved` (Map of String) KubeReserved is a set of ResourceName=ResourceQuantity pairs that describe resources reserved for kubernetes system components
- `max_pods` (Number) MaxPods defines the maximum number of pods that can run on a node.
- `memory_manager_policy` (String) MemoryManagerPolicy is the name of the policy to use by memory manager.
- `pod_pids_limit` (Number) PodPidsLimit is the maximum number of PIDs in any pod.
- `provider_id` (String) ProviderID sets the unique ID of the instance that an external provider.
- `registry_burst` (Number) RegistryBurst is the maximum size of bursty pulls.
- `registry_pull_qps` (Number) RegistryPullQPS is the limit of registry pulls per second.
- `shutdown_grace_period` (String) ShutdownGracePeriod specifies the total duration that the node should delay the shutdown and total grace period for pod termination during a node shutdown.
- `shutdown_grace_period_critical_pods` (String) ShutdownGracePeriodCriticalPods specifies the duration used to terminate critical pods during a node shutdown.
- `system_reserved` (Map of String) SystemReserved is a set of ResourceName=ResourceQuantity pairs that describe resources reserved for non-kubernetes components.
- `topology_manager_policy` (String) TopologyManagerPolicy is the name of the topology manager policy to use.
- `topology_manager_scope` (String) TopologyManagerScope represents the scope of topology hint generation that topology manager requests and hint providers generate.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--host_os_configuration--cert_bundles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.host_os_configuration.cert_bundles`

Required:

- `data` (String) Data defines the cert bundle data.
- `name` (String) Name defines the cert bundle name.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--host_os_configuration--ntp_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.host_os_configuration.ntp_configuration`

Required:

- `servers` (List of String) Servers defines a list of NTP servers to be configured on the host OS.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--non_root_volumes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.non_root_volumes`

Required:

- `size` (Number) Size specifies size (in Gi) of the storage device. Must be greater than the image snapshot size or 8 (whichever is greater).

Optional:

- `device_name` (String) Device name
- `type` (String) Type is the type of the volume (sbp1 for capacity-optimized HDD, sbg1 performance-optimized SSD, default is sbp1)
