---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_anywhere_eks_amazonaws_com_tinkerbell_datacenter_config_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "anywhere.eks.amazonaws.com"
description: |-
  TinkerbellDatacenterConfig is the Schema for the TinkerbellDatacenterConfigs API.
---

# k8s_anywhere_eks_amazonaws_com_tinkerbell_datacenter_config_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

TinkerbellDatacenterConfig is the Schema for the TinkerbellDatacenterConfigs API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_anywhere_eks_amazonaws_com_tinkerbell_datacenter_config_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) TinkerbellDatacenterConfigSpec defines the desired state of TinkerbellDatacenterConfig. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `tinkerbell_ip` (String) TinkerbellIP is used to configure a VIP for hosting the Tinkerbell services.

Optional:

- `hook_images_url_path` (String) HookImagesURLPath can be used to override the default Hook images path to pull from a local server.
- `load_balancer_interface` (String) LoadBalancerInterface can be used to configure a load balancer interface for the Tinkerbell stack.
- `os_image_url` (String) OSImageURL can be used to override the default OS image path to pull from a local server. OSImageURL is a URL to the OS image used during provisioning. To perform modular upgrades the OSImageURL must be specified on the TinkerbellMachineConfig objects. You cannot specify an OSImageURL on the TinkerbellDatacenterConfig and TinkerbellMachineConfigs simultaneously. It must include the Kubernetes version(s). For example, a URL used for Kubernetes 1.27 could be http://localhost:8080/ubuntu-2204-1.27.tgz
- `skip_load_balancer_deployment` (Boolean) SkipLoadBalancerDeployment when set to 'true' can be used to skip deploying a load balancer to expose Tinkerbell stack. Users will need to deploy and configure a load balancer manually after the cluster is created.
