---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_anywhere_eks_amazonaws_com_eksa_release_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "anywhere.eks.amazonaws.com"
description: |-
  EKSARelease is the mapping between release semver of EKS-A and a Bundles resource on the cluster.
---

# k8s_anywhere_eks_amazonaws_com_eksa_release_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

EKSARelease is the mapping between release semver of EKS-A and a Bundles resource on the cluster.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_anywhere_eks_amazonaws_com_eksa_release_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) EKSAReleaseSpec defines the desired state of EKSARelease. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `bundle_manifest_url` (String) Manifest url to parse bundle information from for this EKS-A release
- `bundles_ref` (Attributes) Reference to a Bundles resource in the cluster (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--bundles_ref))
- `git_commit` (String) Git commit the component is built from, before any patches
- `release_date` (String) Date of EKS-A Release
- `version` (String) EKS-A release semantic version

<a id="nestedatt--spec--bundles_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.bundles_ref`

Required:

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion refers to the Bundles APIVersion
- `name` (String) Name refers to the name of the Bundles object in the cluster
- `namespace` (String) Namespace refers to the Bundles's namespace
