---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_anywhere_eks_amazonaws_com_control_plane_upgrade_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "anywhere.eks.amazonaws.com"
description: |-
  ControlPlaneUpgrade is the Schema for the controlplaneupgrade API.
---

# k8s_anywhere_eks_amazonaws_com_control_plane_upgrade_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

ControlPlaneUpgrade is the Schema for the controlplaneupgrade API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_anywhere_eks_amazonaws_com_control_plane_upgrade_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) ControlPlaneUpgradeSpec defines the desired state of ControlPlaneUpgrade. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `control_plane` (Attributes) ControlPlane is a reference to the KubeadmControlPlane object to upgrade. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--control_plane))
- `control_plane_spec_data` (String) ControlPlaneSpecData contains base64 encoded KCP spec that's used to update the statuses of CAPI objects once the control plane upgrade is done. This field is needed so that we have a static copy of the control plane spec in case it gets modified after the ControlPlaneUpgrade was created, as ControlPlane is a reference to the object in real time.
- `etcd_version` (String) EtcdVersion refers to the version of ETCD to upgrade to.
- `kubernetes_version` (String) KubernetesVersion refers to the Kubernetes version to upgrade the control planes to.
- `machines_require_upgrade` (Attributes List) MachinesRequireUpgrade is a list of references to CAPI machines that need to be upgraded. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--machines_require_upgrade))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--control_plane"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.control_plane`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.
- `field_path` (String) If referring to a piece of an object instead of an entire object, this string should contain a valid JSON/Go field access statement, such as desiredState.manifest.containers[2]. For example, if the object reference is to a container within a pod, this would take on a value like: 'spec.containers{name}' (where 'name' refers to the name of the container that triggered the event) or if no container name is specified 'spec.containers[2]' (container with index 2 in this pod). This syntax is chosen only to have some well-defined way of referencing a part of an object. TODO: this design is not final and this field is subject to change in the future.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/
- `resource_version` (String) Specific resourceVersion to which this reference is made, if any. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `uid` (String) UID of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#uids


<a id="nestedatt--spec--machines_require_upgrade"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.machines_require_upgrade`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.
- `field_path` (String) If referring to a piece of an object instead of an entire object, this string should contain a valid JSON/Go field access statement, such as desiredState.manifest.containers[2]. For example, if the object reference is to a container within a pod, this would take on a value like: 'spec.containers{name}' (where 'name' refers to the name of the container that triggered the event) or if no container name is specified 'spec.containers[2]' (container with index 2 in this pod). This syntax is chosen only to have some well-defined way of referencing a part of an object. TODO: this design is not final and this field is subject to change in the future.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/
- `resource_version` (String) Specific resourceVersion to which this reference is made, if any. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `uid` (String) UID of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#uids
