---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_anywhere_eks_amazonaws_com_nutanix_datacenter_config_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "anywhere.eks.amazonaws.com"
description: |-
  NutanixDatacenterConfig is the Schema for the NutanixDatacenterConfigs API
---

# k8s_anywhere_eks_amazonaws_com_nutanix_datacenter_config_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

NutanixDatacenterConfig is the Schema for the NutanixDatacenterConfigs API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_anywhere_eks_amazonaws_com_nutanix_datacenter_config_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) NutanixDatacenterConfigSpec defines the desired state of NutanixDatacenterConfig. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `endpoint` (String) Endpoint is the Endpoint of Nutanix Prism Central
- `port` (Number) Port is the Port of Nutanix Prism Central

Optional:

- `additional_trust_bundle` (String) AdditionalTrustBundle is the optional PEM-encoded certificate bundle for users that configured their Prism Central with certificates from non-publicly trusted CAs
- `credential_ref` (Attributes) CredentialRef is the reference to the secret name that contains the credentials for the Nutanix Prism Central. The namespace for the secret is assumed to be a constant i.e. eksa-system. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--credential_ref))
- `insecure` (Boolean) Insecure is the optional flag to skip TLS verification. Nutanix Prism Central installation by default ships with a self-signed certificate that will fail TLS verification because the certificate is not issued by a public CA and does not have the IP SANs with the Prism Central endpoint. To accommodate the scenario where the user has not changed the default Certificate that ships with Prism Central, we allow the user to skip TLS verification. This is not recommended for production use.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--credential_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.credential_ref`

Optional:

- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)
