---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_apiextensions_crossplane_io_composition_revision_v1beta1 Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "apiextensions.crossplane.io"
description: |-
  A CompositionRevision represents a revision in time of a Composition. Revisions are created by Crossplane; they should be treated as immutable.
---

# k8s_apiextensions_crossplane_io_composition_revision_v1beta1 (Data Source)

A CompositionRevision represents a revision in time of a Composition. Revisions are created by Crossplane; they should be treated as immutable.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_apiextensions_crossplane_io_composition_revision_v1beta1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) The API group of the requested resource.
- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.
- `kind` (String) The type of the requested resource.
- `spec` (Attributes) CompositionRevisionSpec specifies the desired state of the composition revision. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Read-Only:

- `composite_type_ref` (Attributes) CompositeTypeRef specifies the type of composite resource that this composition is compatible with. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--composite_type_ref))
- `environment` (Attributes) Environment configures the environment in which resources are rendered. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--environment))
- `functions` (Attributes List) Functions is list of Composition Functions that will be used when a composite resource referring to this composition is created. At least one of resources and functions must be specified. If both are specified the resources will be rendered first, then passed to the functions for further processing. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--functions))
- `patch_sets` (Attributes List) PatchSets define a named set of patches that may be included by any resource in this Composition. PatchSets cannot themselves refer to other PatchSets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--patch_sets))
- `publish_connection_details_with_store_config_ref` (Attributes) PublishConnectionDetailsWithStoreConfig specifies the secret store config with which the connection details of composite resources dynamically provisioned using this composition will be published. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--publish_connection_details_with_store_config_ref))
- `resources` (Attributes List) Resources is the list of resource templates that will be used when a composite resource referring to this composition is created. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources))
- `revision` (Number) Revision number. Newer revisions have larger numbers.
- `write_connection_secrets_to_namespace` (String) WriteConnectionSecretsToNamespace specifies the namespace in which the connection secrets of composite resource dynamically provisioned using this composition will be created. This field is planned to be removed in a future release in favor of PublishConnectionDetailsWithStoreConfigRef. Currently, both could be set independently and connection details would be published to both without affecting each other as long as related fields at MR level specified.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--composite_type_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.composite_type_ref`

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion of the type.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the type.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--environment"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.environment`

Read-Only:

- `default_data` (Map of String) DefaultData statically defines the initial state of the environment. It has the same schema-less structure as the data field in environment configs. It is overwritten by the selected environment configs.
- `environment_configs` (Attributes List) EnvironmentConfigs selects a list of 'EnvironmentConfig's. The resolved resources are stored in the composite resource at 'spec.environmentConfigRefs' and is only updated if it is null.  The list of references is used to compute an in-memory environment at compose time. The data of all object is merged in the order they are listed, meaning the values of EnvironmentConfigs with a larger index take priority over ones with smaller indices.  The computed environment can be accessed in a composition using 'FromEnvironmentFieldPath' and 'CombineFromEnvironment' patches. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--environment--environment_configs))
- `patches` (Attributes List) Patches is a list of environment patches that are executed before a composition's resources are composed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--environment--patches))
- `policy` (Attributes) Policy represents the Resolve and Resolution policies which apply to all EnvironmentSourceReferences in EnvironmentConfigs list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--environment--policy))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--environment--environment_configs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.environment.environment_configs`

Read-Only:

- `ref` (Attributes) Ref is a named reference to a single EnvironmentConfig. Either Ref or Selector is required. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--environment--environment_configs--ref))
- `selector` (Attributes) Selector selects EnvironmentConfig(s) via labels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--environment--environment_configs--selector))
- `type` (String) Type specifies the way the EnvironmentConfig is selected. Default is 'Reference'

<a id="nestedatt--spec--environment--environment_configs--ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.environment.environment_configs.type`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the object.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--environment--environment_configs--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.environment.environment_configs.type`

Read-Only:

- `match_labels` (Attributes List) MatchLabels ensures an object with matching labels is selected. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--environment--environment_configs--type--match_labels))
- `max_match` (Number) MaxMatch specifies the number of extracted EnvironmentConfigs in Multiple mode, extracts all if nil.
- `mode` (String) Mode specifies retrieval strategy: 'Single' or 'Multiple'.
- `sort_by_field_path` (String) SortByFieldPath is the path to the field based on which list of EnvironmentConfigs is alphabetically sorted.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--environment--environment_configs--type--match_labels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.environment.environment_configs.type.match_labels`

Read-Only:

- `from_field_path_policy` (String) FromFieldPathPolicy specifies the policy for the valueFromFieldPath. The default is Required, meaning that an error will be returned if the field is not found in the composite resource. Optional means that if the field is not found in the composite resource, that label pair will just be skipped. N.B. other specified label matchers will still be used to retrieve the desired environment config, if any.
- `key` (String) Key of the label to match.
- `type` (String) Type specifies where the value for a label comes from.
- `value` (String) Value specifies a literal label value.
- `value_from_field_path` (String) ValueFromFieldPath specifies the field path to look for the label value.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--environment--patches"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.environment.patches`

Read-Only:

- `combine` (Attributes) Combine is the patch configuration for a CombineFromComposite or CombineToComposite patch. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--environment--patches--combine))
- `from_field_path` (String) FromFieldPath is the path of the field on the resource whose value is to be used as input. Required when type is FromCompositeFieldPath or ToCompositeFieldPath.
- `policy` (Attributes) Policy configures the specifics of patching behaviour. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--environment--patches--policy))
- `to_field_path` (String) ToFieldPath is the path of the field on the resource whose value will be changed with the result of transforms. Leave empty if you'd like to propagate to the same path as fromFieldPath.
- `transforms` (Attributes List) Transforms are the list of functions that are used as a FIFO pipe for the input to be transformed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--environment--patches--transforms))
- `type` (String) Type sets the patching behaviour to be used. Each patch type may require its own fields to be set on the Patch object.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--environment--patches--combine"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.environment.patches.type`

Read-Only:

- `strategy` (String) Strategy defines the strategy to use to combine the input variable values. Currently only string is supported.
- `string` (Attributes) String declares that input variables should be combined into a single string, using the relevant settings for formatting purposes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--environment--patches--type--string))
- `variables` (Attributes List) Variables are the list of variables whose values will be retrieved and combined. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--environment--patches--type--variables))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--environment--patches--type--string"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.environment.patches.type.string`

Read-Only:

- `fmt` (String) Format the input using a Go format string. See https://golang.org/pkg/fmt/ for details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--environment--patches--type--variables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.environment.patches.type.variables`

Read-Only:

- `from_field_path` (String) FromFieldPath is the path of the field on the source whose value is to be used as input.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--environment--patches--policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.environment.patches.type`

Read-Only:

- `from_field_path` (String) FromFieldPath specifies how to patch from a field path. The default is 'Optional', which means the patch will be a no-op if the specified fromFieldPath does not exist. Use 'Required' if the patch should fail if the specified path does not exist.
- `merge_options` (Attributes) MergeOptions Specifies merge options on a field path (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--environment--patches--type--merge_options))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--environment--patches--type--merge_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.environment.patches.type.merge_options`

Read-Only:

- `append_slice` (Boolean) Specifies that already existing elements in a merged slice should be preserved
- `keep_map_values` (Boolean) Specifies that already existing values in a merged map should be preserved



<a id="nestedatt--spec--environment--patches--transforms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.environment.patches.type`

Read-Only:

- `convert` (Attributes) Convert is used to cast the input into the given output type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--environment--patches--type--convert))
- `map` (Map of String) Map uses the input as a key in the given map and returns the value.
- `match` (Attributes) Match is a more complex version of Map that matches a list of patterns. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--environment--patches--type--match))
- `math` (Attributes) Math is used to transform the input via mathematical operations such as multiplication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--environment--patches--type--math))
- `string` (Attributes) String is used to transform the input into a string or a different kind of string. Note that the input does not necessarily need to be a string. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--environment--patches--type--string))
- `type` (String) Type of the transform to be run.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--environment--patches--type--convert"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.environment.patches.type.convert`

Read-Only:

- `format` (String) The expected input format.  * 'quantity' - parses the input as a K8s ['resource.Quantity'](https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/api/resource#Quantity). Only used during 'string -> float64' conversions. * 'json' - parses the input as a JSON string. Only used during 'string -> object' or 'string -> list' conversions.  If this property is null, the default conversion is applied.
- `to_type` (String) ToType is the type of the output of this transform.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--environment--patches--type--match"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.environment.patches.type.match`

Read-Only:

- `fallback_to` (String) Determines to what value the transform should fallback if no pattern matches.
- `fallback_value` (Map of String) The fallback value that should be returned by the transform if now pattern matches.
- `patterns` (Attributes List) The patterns that should be tested against the input string. Patterns are tested in order. The value of the first match is used as result of this transform. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--environment--patches--type--match--patterns))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--environment--patches--type--match--patterns"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.environment.patches.type.match.patterns`

Read-Only:

- `literal` (String) Literal exactly matches the input string (case sensitive). Is required if 'type' is 'literal'.
- `regexp` (String) Regexp to match against the input string. Is required if 'type' is 'regexp'.
- `result` (Map of String) The value that is used as result of the transform if the pattern matches.
- `type` (String) Type specifies how the pattern matches the input.  * 'literal' - the pattern value has to exactly match (case sensitive) the input string. This is the default.  * 'regexp' - the pattern treated as a regular expression against which the input string is tested. Crossplane will throw an error if the key is not a valid regexp.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--environment--patches--type--math"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.environment.patches.type.math`

Read-Only:

- `clamp_max` (Number) ClampMax makes sure that the value is not bigger than the given value.
- `clamp_min` (Number) ClampMin makes sure that the value is not smaller than the given value.
- `multiply` (Number) Multiply the value.
- `type` (String) Type of the math transform to be run.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--environment--patches--type--string"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.environment.patches.type.string`

Read-Only:

- `convert` (String) Optional conversion method to be specified. 'ToUpper' and 'ToLower' change the letter case of the input string. 'ToBase64' and 'FromBase64' perform a base64 conversion based on the input string. 'ToJson' converts any input value into its raw JSON representation. 'ToSha1', 'ToSha256' and 'ToSha512' generate a hash value based on the input converted to JSON.
- `fmt` (String) Format the input using a Go format string. See https://golang.org/pkg/fmt/ for details.
- `regexp` (Attributes) Extract a match from the input using a regular expression. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--environment--patches--type--string--regexp))
- `trim` (String) Trim the prefix or suffix from the input
- `type` (String) Type of the string transform to be run.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--environment--patches--type--string--regexp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.environment.patches.type.string.type`

Read-Only:

- `group` (Number) Group number to match. 0 (the default) matches the entire expression.
- `match` (String) Match string. May optionally include submatches, aka capture groups. See https://pkg.go.dev/regexp/ for details.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--environment--policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.environment.policy`

Read-Only:

- `resolution` (String) Resolution specifies whether resolution of this reference is required. The default is 'Required', which means the reconcile will fail if the reference cannot be resolved. 'Optional' means this reference will be a no-op if it cannot be resolved.
- `resolve` (String) Resolve specifies when this reference should be resolved. The default is 'IfNotPresent', which will attempt to resolve the reference only when the corresponding field is not present. Use 'Always' to resolve the reference on every reconcile.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--functions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.functions`

Read-Only:

- `config` (Map of String) Config is an optional, arbitrary Kubernetes resource (i.e. a resource with an apiVersion and kind) that will be passed to the Composition Function as the 'config' block of its FunctionIO.
- `container` (Attributes) Container configuration of this function. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--functions--container))
- `name` (String) Name of this function. Must be unique within its Composition.
- `type` (String) Type of this function.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--functions--container"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.functions.container`

Read-Only:

- `image` (String) Image specifies the OCI image in which the function is packaged. The image should include an entrypoint that reads a FunctionIO from stdin and emits it, optionally mutated, to stdout.
- `image_pull_policy` (String) ImagePullPolicy defines the pull policy for the function image.
- `image_pull_secrets` (Attributes List) ImagePullSecrets are used to pull images from private OCI registries. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--functions--container--image_pull_secrets))
- `network` (Attributes) Network configuration for the Composition Function. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--functions--container--network))
- `resources` (Attributes) Resources that may be used by the Composition Function. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--functions--container--resources))
- `runner` (Attributes) Runner configuration for the Composition Function. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--functions--container--runner))
- `timeout` (String) Timeout after which the Composition Function will be killed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--functions--container--image_pull_secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.functions.container.timeout`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?


<a id="nestedatt--spec--functions--container--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.functions.container.timeout`

Read-Only:

- `policy` (String) Policy specifies the network policy under which the Composition Function will run. Defaults to 'Isolated' - i.e. no network access. Specify 'Runner' to allow the function the same network access as its runner.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--functions--container--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.functions.container.timeout`

Read-Only:

- `limits` (Attributes) Limits specify the maximum compute resources that may be used by the Composition Function. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--functions--container--timeout--limits))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--functions--container--timeout--limits"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.functions.container.timeout.limits`

Read-Only:

- `cpu` (String) CPU, in cores. (500m = .5 cores)
- `memory` (String) Memory, in bytes. (500Gi = 500GiB = 500 * 1024 * 1024 * 1024)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--functions--container--runner"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.functions.container.timeout`

Read-Only:

- `endpoint` (String) Endpoint specifies how and where Crossplane should reach the runner it uses to invoke containerized Composition Functions.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--patch_sets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.patch_sets`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of this PatchSet.
- `patches` (Attributes List) Patches will be applied as an overlay to the base resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--patch_sets--patches))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--patch_sets--patches"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.patch_sets.patches`

Read-Only:

- `combine` (Attributes) Combine is the patch configuration for a CombineFromComposite, CombineFromEnvironment, CombineToComposite or CombineToEnvironment patch. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--patch_sets--patches--combine))
- `from_field_path` (String) FromFieldPath is the path of the field on the resource whose value is to be used as input. Required when type is FromCompositeFieldPath, FromEnvironmentFieldPath, ToCompositeFieldPath, ToEnvironmentFieldPath.
- `patch_set_name` (String) PatchSetName to include patches from. Required when type is PatchSet.
- `policy` (Attributes) Policy configures the specifics of patching behaviour. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--patch_sets--patches--policy))
- `to_field_path` (String) ToFieldPath is the path of the field on the resource whose value will be changed with the result of transforms. Leave empty if you'd like to propagate to the same path as fromFieldPath.
- `transforms` (Attributes List) Transforms are the list of functions that are used as a FIFO pipe for the input to be transformed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--patch_sets--patches--transforms))
- `type` (String) Type sets the patching behaviour to be used. Each patch type may require its own fields to be set on the Patch object.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--patch_sets--patches--combine"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.patch_sets.patches.type`

Read-Only:

- `strategy` (String) Strategy defines the strategy to use to combine the input variable values. Currently only string is supported.
- `string` (Attributes) String declares that input variables should be combined into a single string, using the relevant settings for formatting purposes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--patch_sets--patches--type--string))
- `variables` (Attributes List) Variables are the list of variables whose values will be retrieved and combined. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--patch_sets--patches--type--variables))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--patch_sets--patches--type--string"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.patch_sets.patches.type.string`

Read-Only:

- `fmt` (String) Format the input using a Go format string. See https://golang.org/pkg/fmt/ for details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--patch_sets--patches--type--variables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.patch_sets.patches.type.variables`

Read-Only:

- `from_field_path` (String) FromFieldPath is the path of the field on the source whose value is to be used as input.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--patch_sets--patches--policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.patch_sets.patches.type`

Read-Only:

- `from_field_path` (String) FromFieldPath specifies how to patch from a field path. The default is 'Optional', which means the patch will be a no-op if the specified fromFieldPath does not exist. Use 'Required' if the patch should fail if the specified path does not exist.
- `merge_options` (Attributes) MergeOptions Specifies merge options on a field path (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--patch_sets--patches--type--merge_options))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--patch_sets--patches--type--merge_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.patch_sets.patches.type.merge_options`

Read-Only:

- `append_slice` (Boolean) Specifies that already existing elements in a merged slice should be preserved
- `keep_map_values` (Boolean) Specifies that already existing values in a merged map should be preserved



<a id="nestedatt--spec--patch_sets--patches--transforms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.patch_sets.patches.type`

Read-Only:

- `convert` (Attributes) Convert is used to cast the input into the given output type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--patch_sets--patches--type--convert))
- `map` (Map of String) Map uses the input as a key in the given map and returns the value.
- `match` (Attributes) Match is a more complex version of Map that matches a list of patterns. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--patch_sets--patches--type--match))
- `math` (Attributes) Math is used to transform the input via mathematical operations such as multiplication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--patch_sets--patches--type--math))
- `string` (Attributes) String is used to transform the input into a string or a different kind of string. Note that the input does not necessarily need to be a string. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--patch_sets--patches--type--string))
- `type` (String) Type of the transform to be run.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--patch_sets--patches--type--convert"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.patch_sets.patches.type.convert`

Read-Only:

- `format` (String) The expected input format.  * 'quantity' - parses the input as a K8s ['resource.Quantity'](https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/api/resource#Quantity). Only used during 'string -> float64' conversions. * 'json' - parses the input as a JSON string. Only used during 'string -> object' or 'string -> list' conversions.  If this property is null, the default conversion is applied.
- `to_type` (String) ToType is the type of the output of this transform.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--patch_sets--patches--type--match"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.patch_sets.patches.type.match`

Read-Only:

- `fallback_to` (String) Determines to what value the transform should fallback if no pattern matches.
- `fallback_value` (Map of String) The fallback value that should be returned by the transform if now pattern matches.
- `patterns` (Attributes List) The patterns that should be tested against the input string. Patterns are tested in order. The value of the first match is used as result of this transform. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--patch_sets--patches--type--match--patterns))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--patch_sets--patches--type--match--patterns"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.patch_sets.patches.type.match.patterns`

Read-Only:

- `literal` (String) Literal exactly matches the input string (case sensitive). Is required if 'type' is 'literal'.
- `regexp` (String) Regexp to match against the input string. Is required if 'type' is 'regexp'.
- `result` (Map of String) The value that is used as result of the transform if the pattern matches.
- `type` (String) Type specifies how the pattern matches the input.  * 'literal' - the pattern value has to exactly match (case sensitive) the input string. This is the default.  * 'regexp' - the pattern treated as a regular expression against which the input string is tested. Crossplane will throw an error if the key is not a valid regexp.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--patch_sets--patches--type--math"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.patch_sets.patches.type.math`

Read-Only:

- `clamp_max` (Number) ClampMax makes sure that the value is not bigger than the given value.
- `clamp_min` (Number) ClampMin makes sure that the value is not smaller than the given value.
- `multiply` (Number) Multiply the value.
- `type` (String) Type of the math transform to be run.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--patch_sets--patches--type--string"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.patch_sets.patches.type.string`

Read-Only:

- `convert` (String) Optional conversion method to be specified. 'ToUpper' and 'ToLower' change the letter case of the input string. 'ToBase64' and 'FromBase64' perform a base64 conversion based on the input string. 'ToJson' converts any input value into its raw JSON representation. 'ToSha1', 'ToSha256' and 'ToSha512' generate a hash value based on the input converted to JSON.
- `fmt` (String) Format the input using a Go format string. See https://golang.org/pkg/fmt/ for details.
- `regexp` (Attributes) Extract a match from the input using a regular expression. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--patch_sets--patches--type--string--regexp))
- `trim` (String) Trim the prefix or suffix from the input
- `type` (String) Type of the string transform to be run.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--patch_sets--patches--type--string--regexp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.patch_sets.patches.type.string.type`

Read-Only:

- `group` (Number) Group number to match. 0 (the default) matches the entire expression.
- `match` (String) Match string. May optionally include submatches, aka capture groups. See https://pkg.go.dev/regexp/ for details.






<a id="nestedatt--spec--publish_connection_details_with_store_config_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.publish_connection_details_with_store_config_ref`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the referenced StoreConfig.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources`

Read-Only:

- `base` (Map of String) Base is the target resource that the patches will be applied on.
- `connection_details` (Attributes List) ConnectionDetails lists the propagation secret keys from this target resource to the composition instance connection secret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources--connection_details))
- `name` (String) A Name uniquely identifies this entry within its Composition's resources array. Names are optional but *strongly* recommended. When all entries in the resources array are named entries may added, deleted, and reordered as long as their names do not change. When entries are not named the length and order of the resources array should be treated as immutable. Either all or no entries must be named.
- `patches` (Attributes List) Patches will be applied as overlay to the base resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources--patches))
- `readiness_checks` (Attributes List) ReadinessChecks allows users to define custom readiness checks. All checks have to return true in order for resource to be considered ready. The default readiness check is to have the 'Ready' condition to be 'True'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources--readiness_checks))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources--connection_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources.connection_details`

Read-Only:

- `from_connection_secret_key` (String) FromConnectionSecretKey is the key that will be used to fetch the value from the composed resource's connection secret.
- `from_field_path` (String) FromFieldPath is the path of the field on the composed resource whose value to be used as input. Name must be specified if the type is FromFieldPath.
- `name` (String) Name of the connection secret key that will be propagated to the connection secret of the composition instance. Leave empty if you'd like to use the same key name.
- `type` (String) Type sets the connection detail fetching behaviour to be used. Each connection detail type may require its own fields to be set on the ConnectionDetail object. If the type is omitted Crossplane will attempt to infer it based on which other fields were specified. If multiple fields are specified the order of precedence is: 1. FromValue 2. FromConnectionSecretKey 3. FromFieldPath
- `value` (String) Value that will be propagated to the connection secret of the composite resource. May be set to inject a fixed, non-sensitive connection secret value, for example a well-known port.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources--patches"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources.patches`

Read-Only:

- `combine` (Attributes) Combine is the patch configuration for a CombineFromComposite, CombineFromEnvironment, CombineToComposite or CombineToEnvironment patch. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources--patches--combine))
- `from_field_path` (String) FromFieldPath is the path of the field on the resource whose value is to be used as input. Required when type is FromCompositeFieldPath, FromEnvironmentFieldPath, ToCompositeFieldPath, ToEnvironmentFieldPath.
- `patch_set_name` (String) PatchSetName to include patches from. Required when type is PatchSet.
- `policy` (Attributes) Policy configures the specifics of patching behaviour. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources--patches--policy))
- `to_field_path` (String) ToFieldPath is the path of the field on the resource whose value will be changed with the result of transforms. Leave empty if you'd like to propagate to the same path as fromFieldPath.
- `transforms` (Attributes List) Transforms are the list of functions that are used as a FIFO pipe for the input to be transformed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources--patches--transforms))
- `type` (String) Type sets the patching behaviour to be used. Each patch type may require its own fields to be set on the Patch object.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources--patches--combine"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources.patches.type`

Read-Only:

- `strategy` (String) Strategy defines the strategy to use to combine the input variable values. Currently only string is supported.
- `string` (Attributes) String declares that input variables should be combined into a single string, using the relevant settings for formatting purposes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources--patches--type--string))
- `variables` (Attributes List) Variables are the list of variables whose values will be retrieved and combined. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources--patches--type--variables))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources--patches--type--string"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources.patches.type.string`

Read-Only:

- `fmt` (String) Format the input using a Go format string. See https://golang.org/pkg/fmt/ for details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources--patches--type--variables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources.patches.type.variables`

Read-Only:

- `from_field_path` (String) FromFieldPath is the path of the field on the source whose value is to be used as input.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources--patches--policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources.patches.type`

Read-Only:

- `from_field_path` (String) FromFieldPath specifies how to patch from a field path. The default is 'Optional', which means the patch will be a no-op if the specified fromFieldPath does not exist. Use 'Required' if the patch should fail if the specified path does not exist.
- `merge_options` (Attributes) MergeOptions Specifies merge options on a field path (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources--patches--type--merge_options))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources--patches--type--merge_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources.patches.type.merge_options`

Read-Only:

- `append_slice` (Boolean) Specifies that already existing elements in a merged slice should be preserved
- `keep_map_values` (Boolean) Specifies that already existing values in a merged map should be preserved



<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources--patches--transforms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources.patches.type`

Read-Only:

- `convert` (Attributes) Convert is used to cast the input into the given output type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources--patches--type--convert))
- `map` (Map of String) Map uses the input as a key in the given map and returns the value.
- `match` (Attributes) Match is a more complex version of Map that matches a list of patterns. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources--patches--type--match))
- `math` (Attributes) Math is used to transform the input via mathematical operations such as multiplication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources--patches--type--math))
- `string` (Attributes) String is used to transform the input into a string or a different kind of string. Note that the input does not necessarily need to be a string. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources--patches--type--string))
- `type` (String) Type of the transform to be run.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources--patches--type--convert"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources.patches.type.convert`

Read-Only:

- `format` (String) The expected input format.  * 'quantity' - parses the input as a K8s ['resource.Quantity'](https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/api/resource#Quantity). Only used during 'string -> float64' conversions. * 'json' - parses the input as a JSON string. Only used during 'string -> object' or 'string -> list' conversions.  If this property is null, the default conversion is applied.
- `to_type` (String) ToType is the type of the output of this transform.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources--patches--type--match"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources.patches.type.match`

Read-Only:

- `fallback_to` (String) Determines to what value the transform should fallback if no pattern matches.
- `fallback_value` (Map of String) The fallback value that should be returned by the transform if now pattern matches.
- `patterns` (Attributes List) The patterns that should be tested against the input string. Patterns are tested in order. The value of the first match is used as result of this transform. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources--patches--type--match--patterns))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources--patches--type--match--patterns"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources.patches.type.match.patterns`

Read-Only:

- `literal` (String) Literal exactly matches the input string (case sensitive). Is required if 'type' is 'literal'.
- `regexp` (String) Regexp to match against the input string. Is required if 'type' is 'regexp'.
- `result` (Map of String) The value that is used as result of the transform if the pattern matches.
- `type` (String) Type specifies how the pattern matches the input.  * 'literal' - the pattern value has to exactly match (case sensitive) the input string. This is the default.  * 'regexp' - the pattern treated as a regular expression against which the input string is tested. Crossplane will throw an error if the key is not a valid regexp.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources--patches--type--math"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources.patches.type.math`

Read-Only:

- `clamp_max` (Number) ClampMax makes sure that the value is not bigger than the given value.
- `clamp_min` (Number) ClampMin makes sure that the value is not smaller than the given value.
- `multiply` (Number) Multiply the value.
- `type` (String) Type of the math transform to be run.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources--patches--type--string"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources.patches.type.string`

Read-Only:

- `convert` (String) Optional conversion method to be specified. 'ToUpper' and 'ToLower' change the letter case of the input string. 'ToBase64' and 'FromBase64' perform a base64 conversion based on the input string. 'ToJson' converts any input value into its raw JSON representation. 'ToSha1', 'ToSha256' and 'ToSha512' generate a hash value based on the input converted to JSON.
- `fmt` (String) Format the input using a Go format string. See https://golang.org/pkg/fmt/ for details.
- `regexp` (Attributes) Extract a match from the input using a regular expression. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources--patches--type--string--regexp))
- `trim` (String) Trim the prefix or suffix from the input
- `type` (String) Type of the string transform to be run.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources--patches--type--string--regexp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources.patches.type.string.type`

Read-Only:

- `group` (Number) Group number to match. 0 (the default) matches the entire expression.
- `match` (String) Match string. May optionally include submatches, aka capture groups. See https://pkg.go.dev/regexp/ for details.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources--readiness_checks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources.readiness_checks`

Read-Only:

- `field_path` (String) FieldPath shows the path of the field whose value will be used.
- `match_condition` (Attributes) MatchCondition specifies the condition you'd like to match if you're using 'MatchCondition' type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources--readiness_checks--match_condition))
- `match_integer` (Number) MatchInt is the value you'd like to match if you're using 'MatchInt' type.
- `match_string` (String) MatchString is the value you'd like to match if you're using 'MatchString' type.
- `type` (String) Type indicates the type of probe you'd like to use.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources--readiness_checks--match_condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources.readiness_checks.type`

Read-Only:

- `status` (String) Status is the status of the condition you'd like to match.
- `type` (String) Type indicates the type of condition you'd like to use.
