---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_apigatewayv2_services_k8s_aws_deployment_v1alpha1 Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "apigatewayv2.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  Deployment is the Schema for the Deployments API
---

# k8s_apigatewayv2_services_k8s_aws_deployment_v1alpha1 (Data Source)

Deployment is the Schema for the Deployments API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_apigatewayv2_services_k8s_aws_deployment_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) The API group of the requested resource.
- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `kind` (String) The type of the requested resource.
- `spec` (Attributes) DeploymentSpec defines the desired state of Deployment.  An immutable representation of an API that can be called by users. A Deployment must be associated with a Stage for it to be callable over the internet. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Read-Only:

- `api_id` (String)
- `api_ref` (Attributes) AWSResourceReferenceWrapper provides a wrapper around *AWSResourceReference type to provide more user friendly syntax for references using 'from' field Ex: APIIDRef:  from: name: my-api (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--api_ref))
- `description` (String)
- `stage_name` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--api_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.api_ref`

Read-Only:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference another k8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--api_ref--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--api_ref--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.api_ref.from`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)
