---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_apiregistration_k8s_io_api_service_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  APIService represents a server for a particular GroupVersion. Name must be 'version.group'.
---

# k8s_apiregistration_k8s_io_api_service_v1_manifest (Data Source)

APIService represents a server for a particular GroupVersion. Name must be 'version.group'.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_apiregistration_k8s_io_api_service_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) APIServiceSpec contains information for locating and communicating with a server. Only https is supported, though you are able to disable certificate verification. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `group_priority_minimum` (Number) GroupPriorityMininum is the priority this group should have at least. Higher priority means that the group is preferred by clients over lower priority ones. Note that other versions of this group might specify even higher GroupPriorityMininum values such that the whole group gets a higher priority. The primary sort is based on GroupPriorityMinimum, ordered highest number to lowest (20 before 10). The secondary sort is based on the alphabetical comparison of the name of the object.  (v1.bar before v1.foo) We'd recommend something like: *.k8s.io (except extensions) at 18000 and PaaSes (OpenShift, Deis) are recommended to be in the 2000s
- `version_priority` (Number) VersionPriority controls the ordering of this API version inside of its group.  Must be greater than zero. The primary sort is based on VersionPriority, ordered highest to lowest (20 before 10). Since it's inside of a group, the number can be small, probably in the 10s. In case of equal version priorities, the version string will be used to compute the order inside a group. If the version string is 'kube-like', it will sort above non 'kube-like' version strings, which are ordered lexicographically. 'Kube-like' versions start with a 'v', then are followed by a number (the major version), then optionally the string 'alpha' or 'beta' and another number (the minor version). These are sorted first by GA > beta > alpha (where GA is a version with no suffix such as beta or alpha), and then by comparing major version, then minor version. An example sorted list of versions: v10, v2, v1, v11beta2, v10beta3, v3beta1, v12alpha1, v11alpha2, foo1, foo10.

Optional:

- `ca_bundle` (String) CABundle is a PEM encoded CA bundle which will be used to validate an API server's serving certificate. If unspecified, system trust roots on the apiserver are used.
- `group` (String) Group is the API group name this server hosts
- `insecure_skip_tls_verify` (Boolean) InsecureSkipTLSVerify disables TLS certificate verification when communicating with this server. This is strongly discouraged.  You should use the CABundle instead.
- `service` (Attributes) ServiceReference holds a reference to Service.legacy.k8s.io (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--service))
- `version` (String) Version is the API version this server hosts.  For example, 'v1'

<a id="nestedatt--spec--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.service`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the service
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of the service
- `port` (Number) If specified, the port on the service that hosting webhook. Default to 443 for backward compatibility. 'port' should be a valid port number (1-65535, inclusive).
