---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_app_redislabs_com_redis_enterprise_database_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "app.redislabs.com"
description: |-
  RedisEnterpriseDatabase is the Schema for the redisenterprisedatabases API
---

# k8s_app_redislabs_com_redis_enterprise_database_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

RedisEnterpriseDatabase is the Schema for the redisenterprisedatabases API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_app_redislabs_com_redis_enterprise_database_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) RedisEnterpriseDatabaseSpec defines the desired state of RedisEnterpriseDatabase (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `active_active` (Attributes) Connection/ association to the Active-Active database. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--active_active))
- `alert_settings` (Attributes) Settings for database alerts (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--alert_settings))
- `backup` (Attributes) Target for automatic database backups. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--backup))
- `client_authentication_certificates` (List of String) The Secrets containing TLS Client Certificate to use for Authentication
- `data_internode_encryption` (Boolean) Internode encryption (INE) setting. An optional boolean setting, overriding a similar cluster-wide policy. If set to False, INE is guaranteed to be turned off for this DB (regardless of cluster-wide policy). If set to True, INE will be turned on, unless the capability is not supported by the DB ( in such a case we will get an error and database creation will fail). If left unspecified, will be disabled if internode encryption is not supported by the DB (regardless of cluster default). Deleting this property after explicitly setting its value shall have no effect.
- `database_port` (Number) Database port number. TCP port on which the database is available. Will be generated automatically if omitted. can not be changed after creation
- `database_secret_name` (String) The name of the secret that holds the password to the database (redis databases only). If secret does not exist, it will be created. To define the password, create an opaque secret and set the name in the spec. The password will be taken from the value of the 'password' key. Use an empty string as value within the secret to disable authentication for the database. Notes - For Active-Active databases this secret will not be automatically created, and also, memcached databases must not be set with a value, and a secret/password will not be automatically created for them. Use the memcachedSaslSecretName field to set authentication parameters for memcached databases.
- `default_user` (Boolean) Is connecting with a default user allowed?
- `eviction_policy` (String) Database eviction policy. see more https://docs.redislabs.com/latest/rs/administering/database-operations/eviction-policy/
- `is_rof` (Boolean) Whether it is an RoF database or not. Applicable only for databases of type 'REDIS'. Assumed to be false if left blank.
- `memcached_sasl_secret_name` (String) Credentials used for binary authentication in memcached databases. The credentials should be saved as an opaque secret and the name of that secret should be configured using this field. For username, use 'username' as the key and the actual username as the value. For password, use 'password' as the key and the actual password as the value. Note that connections are not encrypted.
- `memory_size` (String) memory size of database. use formats like 100MB, 0.1GB. minimum value in 100MB. When redis on flash (RoF) is enabled, this value refers to RAM+Flash memory, and it must not be below 1GB.
- `modules_list` (Attributes List) List of modules associated with database. Note - For Active-Active databases this feature is currently in preview. For this feature to take effect for Active-Active databases, set a boolean environment variable with the name 'ENABLE_ALPHA_FEATURES' to True. This variable can be set via the redis-enterprise-operator pod spec, or through the operator-environment-config Config Map. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--modules_list))
- `oss_cluster` (Boolean) OSS Cluster mode option. Note that not all client libraries support OSS cluster mode.
- `persistence` (String) Database on-disk persistence policy
- `proxy_policy` (String) The policy used for proxy binding to the endpoint. Supported proxy policies are: single/all-master-shards/all-nodes When left blank, the default value will be chosen according to the value of ossCluster - single if disabled, all-master-shards when enabled
- `rack_aware` (Boolean) Whether database should be rack aware. This improves availability - more information: https://docs.redislabs.com/latest/rs/concepts/high-availability/rack-zone-awareness/
- `redis_enterprise_cluster` (Attributes) Connection to Redis Enterprise Cluster (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--redis_enterprise_cluster))
- `redis_version` (String) Redis OSS version. For existing databases - Upgrade Redis OSS version. For new databases - the version which the database will be created with. If set to 'major' - will always upgrade to the most recent major Redis version. If set to 'latest' - will always upgrade to the most recent Redis version. Depends on 'redisUpgradePolicy' - if you want to set the value to 'latest' for some databases, you must set redisUpgradePolicy on the cluster before. Possible values are 'major' or 'latest' When using upgrade - make sure to backup the database before. This value is used only for database type 'redis'
- `replica_sources` (Attributes List) What databases to replicate from (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--replica_sources))
- `replication` (Boolean) In-memory database replication. When enabled, database will have replica shard for every master - leading to higher availability.
- `resp3` (Boolean) Whether this database supports RESP3 protocol. Note - Deleting this property after explicitly setting its value shall have no effect. Please view the corresponding field in RS doc for more info.
- `rof_ram_size` (String) The size of the RAM portion of an RoF database. Similarly to 'memorySize' use formats like 100MB, 0.1GB. It must be at least 10% of combined memory size (RAM and Flash), as specified by 'memorySize'.
- `roles_permissions` (Attributes List) List of Redis Enteprise ACL and Role bindings to apply (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--roles_permissions))
- `shard_count` (Number) Number of database server-side shards
- `sharding_enabled` (Boolean) Toggles database sharding for REAADBs (Active Active databases) and enabled by default. This field is blocked for REDB (non-Active Active databases) and sharding is toggled via the shardCount field - when shardCount is 1 this is disabled otherwise enabled.
- `shards_placement` (String) Control the density of shards - should they reside on as few or as many nodes as possible. Available options are 'dense' or 'sparse'. If left unset, defaults to 'dense'.
- `tls_mode` (String) Require SSL authenticated and encrypted connections to the database. enabled - all incoming connections to the Database must use SSL. disabled - no incoming connection to the Database should use SSL. replica_ssl - databases that replicate from this one need to use SSL.
- `type` (String) The type of the database (redis or memcached). Defaults to 'redis'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--active_active"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.active_active`

Required:

- `name` (String) The the corresponding Active-Active database name, Redis Enterprise Active Active Database custom resource name, this Resource is associated with. In case this resource is created manually at the active active database creation this field must be filled via the user, otherwise, the operator will assign this field automatically. Note: this feature is currently unsupported.
- `participating_cluster_name` (String) The corresponding participating cluster name, Redis Enterprise Remote Cluster custom resource name, in the Active-Active database, In case this resource is created manually at the active active database creation this field must be filled via the user, otherwise, the operator will assign this field automatically. Note: this feature is currently unsupported.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--alert_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.alert_settings`

Optional:

- `bdb_backup_delayed` (Attributes) Periodic backup has been delayed for longer than specified threshold value [minutes]. -Note threshold is commented (allow string/int/float and support backwards compatibility) but is required (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--alert_settings--bdb_backup_delayed))
- `bdb_crdt_src_high_syncer_lag` (Attributes) Active-active source - sync lag is higher than specified threshold value [seconds] -Note threshold is commented (allow string/int/float and support backwards compatibility) but is required (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--alert_settings--bdb_crdt_src_high_syncer_lag))
- `bdb_crdt_src_syncer_connection_error` (Attributes) Active-active source - sync has connection error while trying to connect replica source -Note threshold is commented (allow string/int/float and support backwards compatibility) but is required (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--alert_settings--bdb_crdt_src_syncer_connection_error))
- `bdb_crdt_src_syncer_general_error` (Attributes) Active-active source - sync encountered in general error -Note threshold is commented (allow string/int/float and support backwards compatibility) but is required (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--alert_settings--bdb_crdt_src_syncer_general_error))
- `bdb_high_latency` (Attributes) Latency is higher than specified threshold value [micro-sec] -Note threshold is commented (allow string/int/float and support backwards compatibility) but is required (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--alert_settings--bdb_high_latency))
- `bdb_high_throughput` (Attributes) Throughput is higher than specified threshold value [requests / sec.] -Note threshold is commented (allow string/int/float and support backwards compatibility) but is required (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--alert_settings--bdb_high_throughput))
- `bdb_long_running_action` (Attributes) An alert for state-machines that are running for too long -Note threshold is commented (allow string/int/float and support backwards compatibility) but is required (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--alert_settings--bdb_long_running_action))
- `bdb_low_throughput` (Attributes) Throughput is lower than specified threshold value [requests / sec.] -Note threshold is commented (allow string/int/float and support backwards compatibility) but is required (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--alert_settings--bdb_low_throughput))
- `bdb_ram_dataset_overhead` (Attributes) Dataset RAM overhead of a shard has reached the threshold value [% of its RAM limit] -Note threshold is commented (allow string/int/float and support backwards compatibility) but is required (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--alert_settings--bdb_ram_dataset_overhead))
- `bdb_ram_values` (Attributes) Percent of values kept in a shard's RAM is lower than [% of its key count] -Note threshold is commented (allow string/int/float and support backwards compatibility) but is required (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--alert_settings--bdb_ram_values))
- `bdb_replica_src_high_syncer_lag` (Attributes) Replica-of source - sync lag is higher than specified threshold value [seconds] -Note threshold is commented (allow string/int/float and support backwards compatibility) but is required (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--alert_settings--bdb_replica_src_high_syncer_lag))
- `bdb_replica_src_syncer_connection_error` (Attributes) Replica-of source - sync has connection error while trying to connect replica source -Note threshold is commented (allow string/int/float and support backwards compatibility) but is required (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--alert_settings--bdb_replica_src_syncer_connection_error))
- `bdb_shard_num_ram_values` (Attributes) Number of values kept in a shard's RAM is lower than [values] -Note threshold is commented (allow string/int/float and support backwards compatibility) but is required (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--alert_settings--bdb_shard_num_ram_values))
- `bdb_size` (Attributes) Dataset size has reached the threshold value [% of the memory limit] expected fields: -Note threshold is commented (allow string/int/float and support backwards compatibility) but is required (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--alert_settings--bdb_size))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--alert_settings--bdb_backup_delayed"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.alert_settings.bdb_backup_delayed`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Alert enabled or disabled


<a id="nestedatt--spec--alert_settings--bdb_crdt_src_high_syncer_lag"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.alert_settings.bdb_crdt_src_high_syncer_lag`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Alert enabled or disabled


<a id="nestedatt--spec--alert_settings--bdb_crdt_src_syncer_connection_error"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.alert_settings.bdb_crdt_src_syncer_connection_error`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Alert enabled or disabled


<a id="nestedatt--spec--alert_settings--bdb_crdt_src_syncer_general_error"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.alert_settings.bdb_crdt_src_syncer_general_error`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Alert enabled or disabled


<a id="nestedatt--spec--alert_settings--bdb_high_latency"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.alert_settings.bdb_high_latency`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Alert enabled or disabled


<a id="nestedatt--spec--alert_settings--bdb_high_throughput"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.alert_settings.bdb_high_throughput`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Alert enabled or disabled


<a id="nestedatt--spec--alert_settings--bdb_long_running_action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.alert_settings.bdb_long_running_action`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Alert enabled or disabled


<a id="nestedatt--spec--alert_settings--bdb_low_throughput"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.alert_settings.bdb_low_throughput`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Alert enabled or disabled


<a id="nestedatt--spec--alert_settings--bdb_ram_dataset_overhead"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.alert_settings.bdb_ram_dataset_overhead`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Alert enabled or disabled


<a id="nestedatt--spec--alert_settings--bdb_ram_values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.alert_settings.bdb_ram_values`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Alert enabled or disabled


<a id="nestedatt--spec--alert_settings--bdb_replica_src_high_syncer_lag"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.alert_settings.bdb_replica_src_high_syncer_lag`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Alert enabled or disabled


<a id="nestedatt--spec--alert_settings--bdb_replica_src_syncer_connection_error"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.alert_settings.bdb_replica_src_syncer_connection_error`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Alert enabled or disabled


<a id="nestedatt--spec--alert_settings--bdb_shard_num_ram_values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.alert_settings.bdb_shard_num_ram_values`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Alert enabled or disabled


<a id="nestedatt--spec--alert_settings--bdb_size"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.alert_settings.bdb_size`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Alert enabled or disabled



<a id="nestedatt--spec--backup"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.backup`

Optional:

- `abs` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--backup--abs))
- `ftp` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--backup--ftp))
- `gcs` (Attributes) GoogleStorage (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--backup--gcs))
- `interval` (Number) Backup Interval in seconds
- `mount` (Attributes) MountPointStorage (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--backup--mount))
- `s3` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--backup--s3))
- `sftp` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--backup--sftp))
- `swift` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--backup--swift))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--backup--abs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.backup.abs`

Required:

- `abs_secret_name` (String) The name of the K8s secret that holds ABS credentials. The secret must contain the keys 'AccountName' and 'AccountKey', and these must hold the corresponding credentials
- `container` (String) Azure Blob Storage container name.

Optional:

- `subdir` (String) Optional. Azure Blob Storage subdir under container.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--backup--ftp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.backup.ftp`

Required:

- `url` (String) a URI of the ftps://[USER[:PASSWORD]@]HOST[:PORT]/PATH[/]


<a id="nestedatt--spec--backup--gcs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.backup.gcs`

Required:

- `bucket_name` (String) Google Storage bucket name.
- `gcs_secret_name` (String) The name of the K8s secret that holds the Google Cloud Storage credentials. The secret must contain the keys 'CLIENT_ID', 'PRIVATE_KEY', 'PRIVATE_KEY_ID', 'CLIENT_EMAIL' and these must hold the corresponding credentials. The keys should correspond to the values in the key JSON.

Optional:

- `subdir` (String) Optional. Google Storage subdir under bucket.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--backup--mount"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.backup.mount`

Required:

- `path` (String) Path to the local mount point. You must create the mount point on all nodes, and the redislabs:redislabs user must have read and write permissions on the local mount point.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--backup--s3"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.backup.s3`

Required:

- `aws_secret_name` (String) The name of the K8s secret that holds the AWS credentials. The secret must contain the keys 'AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID' and 'AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY', and these must hold the corresponding credentials.
- `bucket_name` (String) Amazon S3 bucket name.

Optional:

- `subdir` (String) Optional. Amazon S3 subdir under bucket.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--backup--sftp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.backup.sftp`

Required:

- `sftp_secret_name` (String) The name of the K8s secret that holds SFTP credentials. The secret must contain the 'Key' key, which is the SSH private key for connecting to the sftp server.
- `sftp_url` (String) SFTP url


<a id="nestedatt--spec--backup--swift"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.backup.swift`

Required:

- `auth_url` (String) Swift service authentication URL.
- `container` (String) Swift object store container for storing the backup files.
- `swift_secret_name` (String) The name of the K8s secret that holds Swift credentials. The secret must contain the keys 'Key' and 'User', and these must hold the corresponding credentials: service access key and service user name (pattern for the latter does not allow special characters &,<,>,')

Optional:

- `prefix` (String) Optional. Prefix (path) of backup files in the swift container.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--modules_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.modules_list`

Required:

- `name` (String) The module's name e.g 'ft' for redissearch
- `version` (String) Module's semantic version e.g '1.6.12'

Optional:

- `config` (String) Module command line arguments e.g. VKEY_MAX_ENTITY_COUNT 30


<a id="nestedatt--spec--redis_enterprise_cluster"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.redis_enterprise_cluster`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the Redis Enterprise Cluster where the database should be stored.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--replica_sources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.replica_sources`

Required:

- `replica_source_name` (String) The name of the resource from which the source database URI is derived. The type of resource must match the type specified in the ReplicaSourceType field.
- `replica_source_type` (String) The type of resource from which the source database URI is derived. If set to 'SECRET', the source database URI is derived from the secret named in the ReplicaSourceName field. The secret must have a key named 'uri' that defines the URI of the source database in the form of 'redis://...'. The type of secret (kubernetes, vault, ...) is determined by the secret mechanism used by the underlying REC object. If set to 'REDB', the source database URI is derived from the RedisEnterpriseDatabase resource named in the ReplicaSourceName field.

Optional:

- `client_key_secret` (String) Secret that defines the client certificate and key used by the syncer in the target database cluster. The secret must have 2 keys in its map: 'cert' which is the PEM encoded certificate, and 'key' which is the PEM encoded private key.
- `compression` (Number) GZIP compression level (0-6) to use for replication.
- `server_cert_secret` (String) Secret that defines the server certificate used by the proxy in the source database cluster. The secret must have 1 key in its map: 'cert' which is the PEM encoded certificate.
- `tls_sni_name` (String) TLS SNI name to use for the replication link.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--roles_permissions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.roles_permissions`

Required:

- `acl` (String) Acl Name of RolePermissionType
- `role` (String) Role Name of RolePermissionType
- `type` (String) Type of Redis Enterprise Database Role Permission
