---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_app_terraform_io_module_v1alpha2_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "app.terraform.io"
description: |-
  Module is the Schema for the modules API Module implements the API-driven Run Workflow More information: - https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cloud-docs/run/api
---

# k8s_app_terraform_io_module_v1alpha2_manifest (Data Source)

Module is the Schema for the modules API Module implements the API-driven Run Workflow More information: - https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cloud-docs/run/api

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_app_terraform_io_module_v1alpha2_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) ModuleSpec defines the desired state of Module. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `module` (Attributes) Module source and version to execute. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--module))
- `organization` (String) Organization name where the Workspace will be created. More information: - https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/organizations
- `token` (Attributes) API Token to be used for API calls. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--token))
- `workspace` (Attributes) Workspace to execute the module. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--workspace))

Optional:

- `destroy_on_deletion` (Boolean) Specify whether or not to execute a Destroy run when the object is deleted from the Kubernetes. Default: 'false'.
- `name` (String) Name of the module that will be uploaded and executed. Default: 'this'.
- `outputs` (Attributes List) Module outputs to store in ConfigMap(non-sensitive) or Secret(sensitive). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs))
- `restarted_at` (String) Allows executing a new Run without changing any Workspace or Module attributes. Example: kubectl patch <KIND> <NAME> --type=merge --patch '{'spec': {'restartedAt': '''date -u -Iseconds'''}}'
- `variables` (Attributes List) Variables to pass to the module, they must exist in the Workspace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--variables))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--module"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.module`

Required:

- `source` (String) Non local Terraform module source. More information: - https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/modules/sources

Optional:

- `version` (String) Terraform module version.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.token`

Required:

- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a secret in the workspace's namespace (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--token--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--token--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.token.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined



<a id="nestedatt--spec--workspace"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.workspace`

Optional:

- `id` (String) Module Workspace ID. Must match pattern: '^ws-[a-zA-Z0-9]+$'
- `name` (String) Module Workspace Name.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs`

Required:

- `name` (String) Output name must match with the module output.

Optional:

- `sensitive` (Boolean) Specify whether or not the output is sensitive. Default: 'false'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--variables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.variables`

Required:

- `name` (String) Variable name must exist in the Workspace.
