---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_application_networking_k8s_aws_iam_auth_policy_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "application-networking.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  
---

# k8s_application_networking_k8s_aws_iam_auth_policy_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_application_networking_k8s_aws_iam_auth_policy_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) IAMAuthPolicySpec defines the desired state of IAMAuthPolicy. When the controller handles IAMAuthPolicy creation, if the targetRef k8s and VPC Lattice resource exists, the controller will change the auth_type of that VPC Lattice resource to AWS_IAM and attach this policy. When the controller handles IAMAuthPolicy deletion, if the targetRef k8s and VPC Lattice resource exists, the controller will change the auth_type of that VPC Lattice resource to NONE and detach this policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `policy` (String) IAM auth policy content. It is a JSON string that uses the same syntax as AWS IAM policies. Please check the VPC Lattice documentation to get [the common elements in an auth policy](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc-lattice/latest/ug/auth-policies.html#auth-policies-common-elements)
- `target_ref` (Attributes) TargetRef points to the Kubernetes Gateway, HTTPRoute, or GRPCRoute resource that will have this policy attached. This field is following the guidelines of Kubernetes Gateway API policy attachment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--target_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--target_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.target_ref`

Required:

- `group` (String) Group is the group of the target resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is kind of the target resource.
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the target resource.

Optional:

- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of the referent. When unspecified, the local namespace is inferred. Even when policy targets a resource in a different namespace, it MUST only apply to traffic originating from the same namespace as the policy.
