---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_application_networking_k8s_aws_target_group_policy_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "application-networking.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  
---

# k8s_application_networking_k8s_aws_target_group_policy_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_application_networking_k8s_aws_target_group_policy_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) TargetGroupPolicySpec defines the desired state of TargetGroupPolicy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `target_ref` (Attributes) TargetRef points to the kubernetes Service resource that will have this policy attached.  This field is following the guidelines of Kubernetes Gateway API policy attachment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--target_ref))

Optional:

- `health_check` (Attributes) The health check configuration.  Changes to this value will update VPC Lattice resource in place. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--health_check))
- `protocol` (String) The protocol to use for routing traffic to the targets. Supported values are HTTP (default), HTTPS and TCP.  Changes to this value results in a replacement of VPC Lattice target group.
- `protocol_version` (String) The protocol version to use. Supported values are HTTP1 (default) and HTTP2. When a policy Protocol is TCP, you should not set this field. Otherwise, the whole TargetGroupPolicy will not take effect. When a policy is behind GRPCRoute, this field value will be ignored as GRPC is only supported through HTTP/2.  Changes to this value results in a replacement of VPC Lattice target group.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--target_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.target_ref`

Required:

- `group` (String) Group is the group of the target resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is kind of the target resource.
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the target resource.

Optional:

- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of the referent. When unspecified, the local namespace is inferred. Even when policy targets a resource in a different namespace, it MUST only apply to traffic originating from the same namespace as the policy.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--health_check"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.health_check`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether health checking is enabled.
- `healthy_threshold_count` (Number) The number of consecutive successful health checks required before considering an unhealthy target healthy.
- `interval_seconds` (Number) The approximate amount of time, in seconds, between health checks of an individual target.
- `path` (String) The destination for health checks on the targets.
- `port` (Number) The port used when performing health checks on targets. If not specified, health check defaults to the port that a target receives traffic on.
- `protocol` (String) The protocol used when performing health checks on targets.
- `protocol_version` (String) The protocol version used when performing health checks on targets.
- `status_match` (String) A regular expression to match HTTP status codes when checking for successful response from a target.
- `timeout_seconds` (Number) The amount of time, in seconds, to wait before reporting a target as unhealthy.
- `unhealthy_threshold_count` (Number) The number of consecutive failed health checks required before considering a target unhealthy.
