---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_application_networking_k8s_aws_vpc_association_policy_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "application-networking.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  
---

# k8s_application_networking_k8s_aws_vpc_association_policy_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_application_networking_k8s_aws_vpc_association_policy_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) VpcAssociationPolicySpec defines the desired state of VpcAssociationPolicy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `target_ref` (Attributes) TargetRef points to the kubernetes Gateway resource that will have this policy attached.  This field is following the guidelines of Kubernetes Gateway API policy attachment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--target_ref))

Optional:

- `associate_with_vpc` (Boolean) AssociateWithVpc indicates whether the VpcServiceNetworkAssociation should be created for the current VPC of k8s cluster.  This value will be considered true by default.
- `security_group_ids` (List of String) SecurityGroupIds defines the security groups enforced on the VpcServiceNetworkAssociation. Security groups does not take effect if AssociateWithVpc is set to false.  For more details, please check the VPC Lattice documentation https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc-lattice/latest/ug/security-groups.html

<a id="nestedatt--spec--target_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.target_ref`

Required:

- `group` (String) Group is the group of the target resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is kind of the target resource.
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the target resource.

Optional:

- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of the referent. When unspecified, the local namespace is inferred. Even when policy targets a resource in a different namespace, it MUST only apply to traffic originating from the same namespace as the policy.
