---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_appmesh_k8s_aws_backend_group_v1beta2_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "appmesh.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  BackendGroup is the Schema for the backendgroups API
---

# k8s_appmesh_k8s_aws_backend_group_v1beta2_manifest (Data Source)

BackendGroup is the Schema for the backendgroups API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_appmesh_k8s_aws_backend_group_v1beta2_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) BackendGroupSpec defines the desired state of BackendGroup (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `mesh_ref` (Attributes) A reference to k8s Mesh CR that this BackendGroup belongs to. The admission controller populates it using Meshes's selector, and prevents users from setting this field. Populated by the system. Read-only. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mesh_ref))
- `virtualservices` (Attributes List) VirtualServices defines the set of virtual services in this BackendGroup. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--virtualservices))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--mesh_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mesh_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of Mesh CR
- `uid` (String) UID is the UID of Mesh CR


<a id="nestedatt--spec--virtualservices"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.virtualservices`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of VirtualService CR

Optional:

- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of VirtualService CR. If unspecified, defaults to the referencing object's namespace
