---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_appmesh_k8s_aws_virtual_service_v1beta2_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "appmesh.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  VirtualService is the Schema for the virtualservices API
---

# k8s_appmesh_k8s_aws_virtual_service_v1beta2_manifest (Data Source)

VirtualService is the Schema for the virtualservices API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_appmesh_k8s_aws_virtual_service_v1beta2_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) VirtualServiceSpec defines the desired state of VirtualService refers to https://docs.aws.amazon.com/app-mesh/latest/APIReference/API_VirtualServiceSpec.html (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `aws_name` (String) AWSName is the AppMesh VirtualService object's name. If unspecified or empty, it defaults to be '${name}.${namespace}' of k8s VirtualService
- `mesh_ref` (Attributes) A reference to k8s Mesh CR that this VirtualService belongs to. The admission controller populates it using Meshes's selector, and prevents users from setting this field.  Populated by the system. Read-only. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mesh_ref))
- `provider` (Attributes) The provider for virtual services. You can specify a single virtual node or virtual router. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--mesh_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mesh_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of Mesh CR
- `uid` (String) UID is the UID of Mesh CR


<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider`

Optional:

- `virtual_node` (Attributes) The virtual node associated with a virtual service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--virtual_node))
- `virtual_router` (Attributes) The virtual router associated with a virtual service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--virtual_router))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--virtual_node"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.virtual_node`

Optional:

- `virtual_node_arn` (String) Amazon Resource Name to AppMesh VirtualNode object that is acting as a service provider. Exactly one of 'virtualNodeRef' or 'virtualNodeARN' must be specified.
- `virtual_node_ref` (Attributes) Reference to Kubernetes VirtualNode CR in cluster that is acting as a service provider. Exactly one of 'virtualNodeRef' or 'virtualNodeARN' must be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--virtual_node--virtual_node_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--virtual_node--virtual_node_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.virtual_node.virtual_node_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of VirtualNode CR

Optional:

- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of VirtualNode CR. If unspecified, defaults to the referencing object's namespace



<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--virtual_router"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.virtual_router`

Optional:

- `virtual_router_arn` (String) Amazon Resource Name to AppMesh VirtualRouter object that is acting as a service provider. Exactly one of 'virtualRouterRef' or 'virtualRouterARN' must be specified.
- `virtual_router_ref` (Attributes) Reference to Kubernetes VirtualRouter CR in cluster that is acting as a service provider. Exactly one of 'virtualRouterRef' or 'virtualRouterARN' must be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--virtual_router--virtual_router_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--virtual_router--virtual_router_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.virtual_router.virtual_router_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of VirtualRouter CR

Optional:

- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of VirtualRouter CR. If unspecified, defaults to the referencing object's namespace
