---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_appmesh_k8s_aws_mesh_v1beta2_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "appmesh.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  Mesh is the Schema for the meshes API
---

# k8s_appmesh_k8s_aws_mesh_v1beta2_manifest (Data Source)

Mesh is the Schema for the meshes API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_appmesh_k8s_aws_mesh_v1beta2_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) MeshSpec defines the desired state of Mesh refers to https://docs.aws.amazon.com/app-mesh/latest/APIReference/API_MeshSpec.html (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `aws_name` (String) AWSName is the AppMesh Mesh object's name. If unspecified or empty, it defaults to be '${name}' of k8s Mesh
- `egress_filter` (Attributes) The egress filter rules for the service mesh. If unspecified, default settings from AWS API will be applied. Refer to AWS Docs for default settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--egress_filter))
- `mesh_owner` (String) The AWS IAM account ID of the service mesh owner. Required if the account ID is not your own.
- `mesh_service_discovery` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mesh_service_discovery))
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) NamespaceSelector selects Namespaces using labels to designate mesh membership. This field follows standard label selector semantics: 	if present but empty, it selects all namespaces. 	if absent, it selects no namespace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--namespace_selector))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--egress_filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.egress_filter`

Required:

- `type` (String) The egress filter type.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--mesh_service_discovery"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mesh_service_discovery`

Optional:

- `ip_preference` (String) The ipPreference for the mesh.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.
