---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_appprotectdos_f5_com_dos_protected_resource_v1beta1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "appprotectdos.f5.com"
description: |-
  DosProtectedResource defines a Dos protected resource.
---

# k8s_appprotectdos_f5_com_dos_protected_resource_v1beta1_manifest (Data Source)

DosProtectedResource defines a Dos protected resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_appprotectdos_f5_com_dos_protected_resource_v1beta1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) DosProtectedResourceSpec defines the properties and values a DosProtectedResource can have. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `allow_list` (Attributes List) AllowList is a list of allowed IPs and subnet masks (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--allow_list))
- `ap_dos_monitor` (Attributes) ApDosMonitor is how NGINX App Protect DoS monitors the stress level of the protected object. The monitor requests are sent from localhost (127.0.0.1). Default value: URI - None, protocol - http1, timeout - NGINX App Protect DoS default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ap_dos_monitor))
- `ap_dos_policy` (String) ApDosPolicy is the namespace/name of a ApDosPolicy resource
- `dos_access_log_dest` (String) DosAccessLogDest is the network address for the access logs
- `dos_security_log` (Attributes) DosSecurityLog defines the security log of the DosProtectedResource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--dos_security_log))
- `enable` (Boolean) Enable enables the DOS feature if set to true
- `name` (String) Name is the name of protected object, max of 63 characters.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--allow_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.allow_list`

Optional:

- `ip_with_mask` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--ap_dos_monitor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ap_dos_monitor`

Optional:

- `protocol` (String) Protocol determines if the server listens on http1 / http2 / grpc / websocket. The default is http1.
- `timeout` (Number) Timeout determines how long (in seconds) should NGINX App Protect DoS wait for a response. Default is 10 seconds for http1/http2 and 5 seconds for grpc.
- `uri` (String) URI is the destination to the desired protected object in the nginx.conf:


<a id="nestedatt--spec--dos_security_log"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.dos_security_log`

Optional:

- `ap_dos_log_conf` (String) ApDosLogConf is the namespace/name of a APDosLogConf resource
- `dos_log_dest` (String) DosLogDest is the network address of a logging service, can be either IP or DNS name.
- `enable` (Boolean) Enable enables the security logging feature if set to true
