---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_apps_clusternet_io_subscription_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "apps.clusternet.io"
description: |-
  Subscription represents the policy that install a group of resources to one or more clusters.
---

# k8s_apps_clusternet_io_subscription_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

Subscription represents the policy that install a group of resources to one or more clusters.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_apps_clusternet_io_subscription_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
  spec = {
    feeds       = []
    subscribers = []
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) SubscriptionSpec defines the desired state of Subscription (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `feeds` (Attributes List) Feeds (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--feeds))
- `subscribers` (Attributes List) Subscribers subscribes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--subscribers))

Optional:

- `cluster_tolerations` (Attributes List) ClusterTolerations tolerates any matched taints of ManagedCluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_tolerations))
- `dividing_scheduling` (Attributes) Dividing scheduling config params. Present only if SchedulingStrategy = Dividing. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--dividing_scheduling))
- `preemption_policy` (String) PreemptionPolicy is the Policy for preempting subscriptions with lower priority.One of Never, PreemptLowerPriority.Defaults to PreemptLowerPriority if unset.
- `priority` (Number) The priority value. clusternet-scheduler use this field to find thepriority of the subscription.The higher the value, the higher the priority.
- `scheduler_name` (String) If specified, the Subscription will be handled by specified scheduler.If not specified, the Subscription will be handled by default scheduler.
- `scheduling_by_sub_group` (Boolean) If specified, the Subscription will be handled with SchedulingBySubGroup.Used together with SubGroupStrategy in every Subscriber.Can work with all supported SchedulingStrategy, such as Replication, Dividing.
- `scheduling_strategy` (String) If specified, the Subscription will be handled with specified SchedulingStrategy.Otherwise, with generic SchedulingStrategy.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--feeds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.feeds`

Required:

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents.In CamelCase.
- `name` (String) Name of the target resource.

Optional:

- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the target resource.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--subscribers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.subscribers`

Required:

- `cluster_affinity` (Attributes) ClusterAffinity is a label query over managed clusters by labels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--subscribers--cluster_affinity))

Optional:

- `sub_group_strategy` (Attributes) SubGroupStrategy defines the subgroup strategy for the clusters matched by this subscriber.During the scheduling, all the matching clusters will be treated as a subgroup instead of individual clusters.With subgroup, we can describe clusters with different regions, zones, etc.Present only when SchedulingBySubGroup is set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--subscribers--sub_group_strategy))
- `weight` (Number) Static weight of subscriber when dividing replicas.Present only for static divided scheduling.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--subscribers--cluster_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.subscribers.cluster_affinity`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--subscribers--cluster_affinity--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--subscribers--cluster_affinity--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.subscribers.cluster_affinity.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--subscribers--sub_group_strategy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.subscribers.sub_group_strategy`

Optional:

- `min_clusters` (Number) MinClusters is the minimum number of clusters to be selected in this subgroup.If this value is more than the total number of clusters in this subgroup, then all clusters will be selected.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_tolerations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_tolerations`

Optional:

- `effect` (String) Effect indicates the taint effect to match. Empty means match all taint effects.When specified, allowed values are NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Key is the taint key that the toleration applies to. Empty means match all taint keys.If the key is empty, operator must be Exists; this combination means to match all values and all keys.
- `operator` (String) Operator represents a key's relationship to the value.Valid operators are Exists and Equal. Defaults to Equal.Exists is equivalent to wildcard for value, so that a pod cantolerate all taints of a particular category.
- `toleration_seconds` (Number) TolerationSeconds represents the period of time the toleration (which must beof effect NoExecute, otherwise this field is ignored) tolerates the taint. By default,it is not set, which means tolerate the taint forever (do not evict). Zero andnegative values will be treated as 0 (evict immediately) by the system.
- `value` (String) Value is the taint value the toleration matches to.If the operator is Exists, the value should be empty, otherwise just a regular string.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--dividing_scheduling"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.dividing_scheduling`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type of dividing replica scheduling.

Optional:

- `dynamic_dividing` (Attributes) DynamicDividing describes how to divide replicas into target clusters dynamically. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--dividing_scheduling--dynamic_dividing))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--dividing_scheduling--dynamic_dividing"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.dividing_scheduling.dynamic_dividing`

Required:

- `strategy` (String) Type of dynamic dividing replica strategy.

Optional:

- `max_clusters` (Number) MaxClusters describes the upper bound number of target clusters.
- `min_clusters` (Number) MinClusters describes the lower bound number of target clusters.
- `preferred_clusters` (Attributes List) PreferredClusters describes the assigning preference. If we have a preference for cluster group Acompared to cluster group B (i.e., group A has a larger Weight), desired replicas will be assignedto cluster group A as many as possible, while the rest ones will be assigned to cluster group B. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--dividing_scheduling--dynamic_dividing--preferred_clusters))
- `topology_spread_constraints` (Attributes List) TopologySpreadConstraints describes how a group of replicas ought to spread across topologydomains. Scheduler will schedule pods in a way which abides by the constraints.All topologySpreadConstraints are ANDed.Present only for spread divided scheduling. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--dividing_scheduling--dynamic_dividing--topology_spread_constraints))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--dividing_scheduling--dynamic_dividing--preferred_clusters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.dividing_scheduling.dynamic_dividing.topology_spread_constraints`

Required:

- `preference` (Attributes) A node selector term, associated with the corresponding weight. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--dividing_scheduling--dynamic_dividing--topology_spread_constraints--preference))
- `weight` (Number) Weight associated with matching the corresponding nodeSelectorTerm, in the range 1-100.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--dividing_scheduling--dynamic_dividing--topology_spread_constraints--preference"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.dividing_scheduling.dynamic_dividing.topology_spread_constraints.preference`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's labels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--dividing_scheduling--dynamic_dividing--topology_spread_constraints--preference--match_expressions))
- `match_fields` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--dividing_scheduling--dynamic_dividing--topology_spread_constraints--preference--match_fields))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--dividing_scheduling--dynamic_dividing--topology_spread_constraints--preference--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.dividing_scheduling.dynamic_dividing.topology_spread_constraints.preference.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the valuesarray must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer.This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--dividing_scheduling--dynamic_dividing--topology_spread_constraints--preference--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.dividing_scheduling.dynamic_dividing.topology_spread_constraints.preference.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the valuesarray must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer.This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--dividing_scheduling--dynamic_dividing--topology_spread_constraints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.dividing_scheduling.dynamic_dividing.topology_spread_constraints`

Required:

- `max_skew` (Number) MaxSkew describes the degree to which pods may be unevenly distributed.When 'whenUnsatisfiable=DoNotSchedule', it is the maximum permitted differencebetween the number of matching pods in the target topology and the global minimum.The global minimum is the minimum number of matching pods in an eligible domainor zero if the number of eligible domains is less than MinDomains.For example, in a 3-zone cluster, MaxSkew is set to 1, and pods with the samelabelSelector spread as 2/2/1:In this case, the global minimum is 1.| zone1 | zone2 | zone3 ||  P P  |  P P  |   P   |- if MaxSkew is 1, incoming pod can only be scheduled to zone3 to become 2/2/2;scheduling it onto zone1(zone2) would make the ActualSkew(3-1) on zone1(zone2)violate MaxSkew(1).- if MaxSkew is 2, incoming pod can be scheduled onto any zone.When 'whenUnsatisfiable=ScheduleAnyway', it is used to give higher precedenceto topologies that satisfy it.It's a required field. Default value is 1 and 0 is not allowed.
- `topology_key` (String) TopologyKey is the key of node labels. Nodes that have a label with this keyand identical values are considered to be in the same topology.We consider each <key, value> as a 'bucket', and try to put balanced numberof pods into each bucket.We define a domain as a particular instance of a topology.Also, we define an eligible domain as a domain whose nodes meet the requirements ofnodeAffinityPolicy and nodeTaintsPolicy.e.g. If TopologyKey is 'kubernetes.io/hostname', each Node is a domain of that topology.And, if TopologyKey is 'topology.kubernetes.io/zone', each zone is a domain of that topology.It's a required field.
- `when_unsatisfiable` (String) WhenUnsatisfiable indicates how to deal with a pod if it doesn't satisfythe spread constraint.- DoNotSchedule (default) tells the scheduler not to schedule it.- ScheduleAnyway tells the scheduler to schedule the pod in any location,  but giving higher precedence to topologies that would help reduce the  skew.A constraint is considered 'Unsatisfiable' for an incoming podif and only if every possible node assignment for that pod would violate'MaxSkew' on some topology.For example, in a 3-zone cluster, MaxSkew is set to 1, and pods with the samelabelSelector spread as 3/1/1:| zone1 | zone2 | zone3 || P P P |   P   |   P   |If WhenUnsatisfiable is set to DoNotSchedule, incoming pod can only be scheduledto zone2(zone3) to become 3/2/1(3/1/2) as ActualSkew(2-1) on zone2(zone3) satisfiesMaxSkew(1). In other words, the cluster can still be imbalanced, but schedulerwon't make it *more* imbalanced.It's a required field.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) LabelSelector is used to find matching pods.Pods that match this label selector are counted to determine the number of podsin their corresponding topology domain. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--dividing_scheduling--dynamic_dividing--topology_spread_constraints--label_selector))
- `match_label_keys` (List of String) MatchLabelKeys is a set of pod label keys to select the pods over whichspreading will be calculated. The keys are used to lookup values from theincoming pod labels, those key-value labels are ANDed with labelSelectorto select the group of existing pods over which spreading will be calculatedfor the incoming pod. The same key is forbidden to exist in both MatchLabelKeys and LabelSelector.MatchLabelKeys cannot be set when LabelSelector isn't set.Keys that don't exist in the incoming pod labels willbe ignored. A null or empty list means only match against labelSelector.This is a beta field and requires the MatchLabelKeysInPodTopologySpread feature gate to be enabled (enabled by default).
- `min_domains` (Number) MinDomains indicates a minimum number of eligible domains.When the number of eligible domains with matching topology keys is less than minDomains,Pod Topology Spread treats 'global minimum' as 0, and then the calculation of Skew is performed.And when the number of eligible domains with matching topology keys equals or greater than minDomains,this value has no effect on scheduling.As a result, when the number of eligible domains is less than minDomains,scheduler won't schedule more than maxSkew Pods to those domains.If value is nil, the constraint behaves as if MinDomains is equal to 1.Valid values are integers greater than 0.When value is not nil, WhenUnsatisfiable must be DoNotSchedule.For example, in a 3-zone cluster, MaxSkew is set to 2, MinDomains is set to 5 and pods with the samelabelSelector spread as 2/2/2:| zone1 | zone2 | zone3 ||  P P  |  P P  |  P P  |The number of domains is less than 5(MinDomains), so 'global minimum' is treated as 0.In this situation, new pod with the same labelSelector cannot be scheduled,because computed skew will be 3(3 - 0) if new Pod is scheduled to any of the three zones,it will violate MaxSkew.This is a beta field and requires the MinDomainsInPodTopologySpread feature gate to be enabled (enabled by default).
- `node_affinity_policy` (String) NodeAffinityPolicy indicates how we will treat Pod's nodeAffinity/nodeSelectorwhen calculating pod topology spread skew. Options are:- Honor: only nodes matching nodeAffinity/nodeSelector are included in the calculations.- Ignore: nodeAffinity/nodeSelector are ignored. All nodes are included in the calculations.If this value is nil, the behavior is equivalent to the Honor policy.This is a beta-level feature default enabled by the NodeInclusionPolicyInPodTopologySpread feature flag.
- `node_taints_policy` (String) NodeTaintsPolicy indicates how we will treat node taints when calculatingpod topology spread skew. Options are:- Honor: nodes without taints, along with tainted nodes for which the incoming podhas a toleration, are included.- Ignore: node taints are ignored. All nodes are included.If this value is nil, the behavior is equivalent to the Ignore policy.This is a beta-level feature default enabled by the NodeInclusionPolicyInPodTopologySpread feature flag.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--dividing_scheduling--dynamic_dividing--topology_spread_constraints--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.dividing_scheduling.dynamic_dividing.topology_spread_constraints.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--dividing_scheduling--dynamic_dividing--topology_spread_constraints--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--dividing_scheduling--dynamic_dividing--topology_spread_constraints--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.dividing_scheduling.dynamic_dividing.topology_spread_constraints.label_selector.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.
