---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_apps_clusternet_io_localization_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "apps.clusternet.io"
description: |-
  Localization represents the override config for a group of resources.
---

# k8s_apps_clusternet_io_localization_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

Localization represents the override config for a group of resources.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_apps_clusternet_io_localization_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
  spec = {}
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) LocalizationSpec defines the desired state of Localization (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `feed` (Attributes) Feed holds references to the objects the Localization applies to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--feed))
- `override_policy` (String) OverridePolicy specifies the override policy for this Localization.
- `overrides` (Attributes List) Overrides holds all the OverrideConfig. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--overrides))
- `priority` (Number) Priority is an integer defining the relative importance of this Localization compared to others.Lower numbers are considered lower priority.And these Localization(s) will be applied by order from lower priority to higher.That means override values in lower Localization will be overridden by those in higher Localization.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--feed"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.feed`

Required:

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents.In CamelCase.
- `name` (String) Name of the target resource.

Optional:

- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the target resource.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--overrides"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.overrides`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type specifies the override type for override value.
- `value` (String) Value represents override value.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name indicate the OverrideConfig name.
- `override_chart` (Boolean) OverrideChart indicates whether the override value for the HelmChart CR.
