---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_apps_kubeblocks_io_component_resource_constraint_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "apps.kubeblocks.io"
description: |-
  ComponentResourceConstraint is the Schema for the componentresourceconstraints API
---

# k8s_apps_kubeblocks_io_component_resource_constraint_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

ComponentResourceConstraint is the Schema for the componentresourceconstraints API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_apps_kubeblocks_io_component_resource_constraint_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) ComponentResourceConstraintSpec defines the desired state of ComponentResourceConstraint (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `rules` (Attributes List) Component resource constraint rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rules))

Optional:

- `component_selector` (Attributes List) componentSelector is used to bind the resource constraint to components based on ComponentDefinition API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--component_selector))
- `selector` (Attributes List) selector is used to bind the resource constraint to cluster definitions based on ClusterDefinition API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--selector))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules`

Required:

- `cpu` (Attributes) The constraint for vcpu cores. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rules--cpu))
- `memory` (Attributes) The constraint for memory size. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rules--memory))
- `name` (String) The name of the constraint.

Optional:

- `storage` (Attributes) The constraint for storage size. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rules--storage))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--rules--cpu"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.cpu`

Optional:

- `max` (String) The maximum count of vcpu cores, [Min, Max] defines a range for valid vcpu cores, and the value in this range must be multiple times of Step. It's useful to define a large number of valid values without defining them one by one. Please see the documentation for Step for some examples. If Slots is specified, Max, Min, and Step are ignored
- `min` (String) The minimum count of vcpu cores, [Min, Max] defines a range for valid vcpu cores, and the value in this range must be multiple times of Step. It's useful to define a large number of valid values without defining them one by one. Please see the documentation for Step for some examples. If Slots is specified, Max, Min, and Step are ignored
- `slots` (List of String) The valid vcpu cores, it's useful if you want to define valid vcpu cores explicitly. If Slots is specified, Max, Min, and Step are ignored
- `step` (String) The minimum granularity of vcpu cores, [Min, Max] defines a range for valid vcpu cores and the value in this range must be multiple times of Step. For example: 1. Min is 2, Max is 8, Step is 2, and the valid vcpu core is {2, 4, 6, 8}. 2. Min is 0.5, Max is 2, Step is 0.5, and the valid vcpu core is {0.5, 1, 1.5, 2}.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--rules--memory"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.memory`

Optional:

- `max_per_cpu` (String) The maximum size of memory per vcpu core, [MinPerCPU, MaxPerCPU] defines a range for valid memory size per vcpu core. It is useful on GCP as the ratio between the CPU and memory may be a range. If SizePerCPU is specified, MinPerCPU and MaxPerCPU are ignored. Reference: https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/general-purpose-machines#custom_machine_types
- `min_per_cpu` (String) The minimum size of memory per vcpu core, [MinPerCPU, MaxPerCPU] defines a range for valid memory size per vcpu core. It is useful on GCP as the ratio between the CPU and memory may be a range. If SizePerCPU is specified, MinPerCPU and MaxPerCPU are ignored. Reference: https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/general-purpose-machines#custom_machine_types
- `size_per_cpu` (String) The size of memory per vcpu core. For example: 1Gi, 200Mi. If SizePerCPU is specified, MinPerCPU and MaxPerCPU are ignore.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--rules--storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.storage`

Optional:

- `max` (String) The maximum size of storage.
- `min` (String) The minimum size of storage.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--component_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.component_selector`

Required:

- `component_def_ref` (String) In versions prior to KB 0.8.0, ComponentDefRef is the name of the component definition in the ClusterDefinition. In KB 0.8.0 and later versions, ComponentDefRef is the name of ComponentDefinition.
- `rules` (List of String) rules are the constraint rules that will be applied to the component.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.selector`

Required:

- `cluster_def_ref` (String) clusterDefRef is the name of the cluster definition.
- `components` (Attributes List) selector is used to bind the resource constraint to components. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--selector--components))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--selector--components"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.selector.components`

Required:

- `component_def_ref` (String) In versions prior to KB 0.8.0, ComponentDefRef is the name of the component definition in the ClusterDefinition. In KB 0.8.0 and later versions, ComponentDefRef is the name of ComponentDefinition.
- `rules` (List of String) rules are the constraint rules that will be applied to the component.
