---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_apps_kubeblocks_io_component_class_definition_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "apps.kubeblocks.io"
description: |-
  ComponentClassDefinition is the Schema for the componentclassdefinitions API
---

# k8s_apps_kubeblocks_io_component_class_definition_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

ComponentClassDefinition is the Schema for the componentclassdefinitions API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_apps_kubeblocks_io_component_class_definition_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) ComponentClassDefinitionSpec defines the desired state of ComponentClassDefinition (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `groups` (Attributes List) group defines a list of class series that conform to the same constraint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--groups))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.groups`

Optional:

- `series` (Attributes List) series is a series of class definitions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--groups--series))
- `template` (String) template is a class definition template that uses the Go template syntax and allows for variable declaration. When defining a class in Series, specifying the variable's value is sufficient, as the complete class definition will be generated through rendering the template. For example: '''yaml template: | cpu: '{{ or .cpu 1 }}' memory: '{{ or .memory 4 }}Gi' '''
- `vars` (List of String) vars defines the variables declared in the template and will be used to generating the complete class definition by render the template.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--groups--series"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.groups.series`

Optional:

- `classes` (Attributes List) classes are definitions of classes that come in two forms. In the first form, only ComponentClass.Args need to be defined, and the complete class definition is generated by rendering the ComponentClassGroup.Template and Name. In the second form, the Name, CPU and Memory must be defined. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--groups--series--classes))
- `naming_template` (String) namingTemplate is a template that uses the Go template syntax and allows for referencing variables defined in ComponentClassGroup.Template. This enables dynamic generation of class names. For example: name: 'general-{{ .cpu }}c{{ .memory }}g'

<a id="nestedatt--spec--groups--series--classes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.groups.series.classes`

Optional:

- `args` (List of String) args are variable's value
- `cpu` (String) the CPU of the class
- `memory` (String) the memory of the class
- `name` (String) name is the class name
