---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_apps_m88i_io_nexus_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "apps.m88i.io"
description: |-
  
---

# k8s_apps_m88i_io_nexus_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_apps_m88i_io_nexus_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) NexusSpec defines the desired state of Nexus (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `persistence` (Attributes) Persistence definition (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence))
- `replicas` (Number) Number of pod replicas desired. Defaults to 0.
- `use_red_hat_image` (Boolean) If you have access to Red Hat Container Catalog, set this to 'true' to use the certified image provided by Sonatype Defaults to 'false'

Optional:

- `automatic_update` (Attributes) Automatic updates configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--automatic_update))
- `generate_random_admin_password` (Boolean) GenerateRandomAdminPassword enables the random password generation. Defaults to 'false': the default password for a newly created instance is 'admin123', which should be changed in the first login. If set to 'true', you must use the automatically generated 'admin' password, stored in the container's file system at '/nexus-data/admin.password'. The operator uses the default credentials to create a user for itself to create default repositories. If set to 'true', the repositories won't be created since the operator won't fetch for the random password.
- `image` (String) Full image tag name for this specific deployment. Will be ignored if 'spec.useRedHatImage' is set to 'true'. Default: docker.io/sonatype/nexus3:latest
- `image_pull_policy` (String) The image pull policy for the Nexus image. If left blank behavior will be determined by the image tag ('Always' if 'latest' and 'IfNotPresent' otherwise). Possible values: 'Always', 'IfNotPresent' or 'Never'.
- `liveness_probe` (Attributes) LivenessProbe describes how the Nexus container liveness probe should work (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--liveness_probe))
- `networking` (Attributes) Networking definition (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--networking))
- `properties` (Map of String) Properties describes the configuration properties in the Java properties format that will be included in the nexus.properties file mounted with the Nexus server deployment. For example: nexus.conan.hosted.enabled: true
- `readiness_probe` (Attributes) ReadinessProbe describes how the Nexus container readiness probe should work (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--readiness_probe))
- `resources` (Attributes) Defined Resources for the Nexus instance (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources))
- `server_operations` (Attributes) ServerOperations describes the options for the operations performed on the deployed server instance (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--server_operations))
- `service_account_name` (String) ServiceAccountName is the name of the ServiceAccount used to run the Pods. If left blank, a default ServiceAccount is created with the same name as the Nexus CR ('metadata.name').

<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence`

Required:

- `persistent` (Boolean) Flag to indicate if this instance installation will be persistent or not. If set to true a PVC is created for it.

Optional:

- `extra_volumes` (Attributes List) ExtraVolumes which should be mounted when deploying Nexus. Updating this may lead to temporary unavailability while the new deployment with new volumes rolls out. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes))
- `storage_class` (String) StorageClass used by the managed PVC.
- `volume_size` (String) If persistent, the size of the Volume. Defaults: 10Gi

<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes`

Required:

- `mount_path` (String) MountPath is the path where this volume should be mounted
- `name` (String) Volume's name. Must be a DNS_LABEL and unique within the pod. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names

Optional:

- `aws_elastic_block_store` (Attributes) AWSElasticBlockStore represents an AWS Disk resource that is attached to a kubelet's host machine and then exposed to the pod. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#awselasticblockstore (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--aws_elastic_block_store))
- `azure_disk` (Attributes) AzureDisk represents an Azure Data Disk mount on the host and bind mount to the pod. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--azure_disk))
- `azure_file` (Attributes) AzureFile represents an Azure File Service mount on the host and bind mount to the pod. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--azure_file))
- `cephfs` (Attributes) CephFS represents a Ceph FS mount on the host that shares a pod's lifetime (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--cephfs))
- `cinder` (Attributes) Cinder represents a cinder volume attached and mounted on kubelets host machine. More info: https://examples.k8s.io/mysql-cinder-pd/README.md (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--cinder))
- `config_map` (Attributes) ConfigMap represents a configMap that should populate this volume (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--config_map))
- `csi` (Attributes) CSI (Container Storage Interface) represents ephemeral storage that is handled by certain external CSI drivers (Beta feature). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--csi))
- `downward_api` (Attributes) DownwardAPI represents downward API about the pod that should populate this volume (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--downward_api))
- `empty_dir` (Attributes) EmptyDir represents a temporary directory that shares a pod's lifetime. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#emptydir (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--empty_dir))
- `ephemeral` (Attributes) Ephemeral represents a volume that is handled by a cluster storage driver (Alpha feature). The volume's lifecycle is tied to the pod that defines it - it will be created before the pod starts, and deleted when the pod is removed.  Use this if: a) the volume is only needed while the pod runs, b) features of normal volumes like restoring from snapshot or capacity    tracking are needed, c) the storage driver is specified through a storage class, and d) the storage driver supports dynamic volume provisioning through    a PersistentVolumeClaim (see EphemeralVolumeSource for more    information on the connection between this volume type    and PersistentVolumeClaim).  Use PersistentVolumeClaim or one of the vendor-specific APIs for volumes that persist for longer than the lifecycle of an individual pod.  Use CSI for light-weight local ephemeral volumes if the CSI driver is meant to be used that way - see the documentation of the driver for more information.  A pod can use both types of ephemeral volumes and persistent volumes at the same time. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--ephemeral))
- `fc` (Attributes) FC represents a Fibre Channel resource that is attached to a kubelet's host machine and then exposed to the pod. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--fc))
- `flex_volume` (Attributes) FlexVolume represents a generic volume resource that is provisioned/attached using an exec based plugin. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--flex_volume))
- `flocker` (Attributes) Flocker represents a Flocker volume attached to a kubelet's host machine. This depends on the Flocker control service being running (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--flocker))
- `gce_persistent_disk` (Attributes) GCEPersistentDisk represents a GCE Disk resource that is attached to a kubelet's host machine and then exposed to the pod. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#gcepersistentdisk (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--gce_persistent_disk))
- `git_repo` (Attributes) GitRepo represents a git repository at a particular revision. DEPRECATED: GitRepo is deprecated. To provision a container with a git repo, mount an EmptyDir into an InitContainer that clones the repo using git, then mount the EmptyDir into the Pod's container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--git_repo))
- `glusterfs` (Attributes) Glusterfs represents a Glusterfs mount on the host that shares a pod's lifetime. More info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/glusterfs/README.md (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--glusterfs))
- `host_path` (Attributes) HostPath represents a pre-existing file or directory on the host machine that is directly exposed to the container. This is generally used for system agents or other privileged things that are allowed to see the host machine. Most containers will NOT need this. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#hostpath --- TODO(jonesdl) We need to restrict who can use host directory mounts and who can/can not mount host directories as read/write. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--host_path))
- `iscsi` (Attributes) ISCSI represents an ISCSI Disk resource that is attached to a kubelet's host machine and then exposed to the pod. More info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/iscsi/README.md (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--iscsi))
- `nfs` (Attributes) NFS represents an NFS mount on the host that shares a pod's lifetime More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#nfs (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--nfs))
- `persistent_volume_claim` (Attributes) PersistentVolumeClaimVolumeSource represents a reference to a PersistentVolumeClaim in the same namespace. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#persistentvolumeclaims (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--persistent_volume_claim))
- `photon_persistent_disk` (Attributes) PhotonPersistentDisk represents a PhotonController persistent disk attached and mounted on kubelets host machine (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--photon_persistent_disk))
- `portworx_volume` (Attributes) PortworxVolume represents a portworx volume attached and mounted on kubelets host machine (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--portworx_volume))
- `projected` (Attributes) Items for all in one resources secrets, configmaps, and downward API (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--projected))
- `quobyte` (Attributes) Quobyte represents a Quobyte mount on the host that shares a pod's lifetime (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--quobyte))
- `rbd` (Attributes) RBD represents a Rados Block Device mount on the host that shares a pod's lifetime. More info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/rbd/README.md (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--rbd))
- `scale_io` (Attributes) ScaleIO represents a ScaleIO persistent volume attached and mounted on Kubernetes nodes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--scale_io))
- `secret` (Attributes) Secret represents a secret that should populate this volume. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#secret (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--secret))
- `storageos` (Attributes) StorageOS represents a StorageOS volume attached and mounted on Kubernetes nodes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--storageos))
- `vsphere_volume` (Attributes) VsphereVolume represents a vSphere volume attached and mounted on kubelets host machine (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--vsphere_volume))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--aws_elastic_block_store"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.aws_elastic_block_store`

Required:

- `volume_id` (String) Unique ID of the persistent disk resource in AWS (Amazon EBS volume). More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#awselasticblockstore

Optional:

- `fs_type` (String) Filesystem type of the volume that you want to mount. Tip: Ensure that the filesystem type is supported by the host operating system. Examples: 'ext4', 'xfs', 'ntfs'. Implicitly inferred to be 'ext4' if unspecified. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#awselasticblockstore TODO: how do we prevent errors in the filesystem from compromising the machine
- `partition` (Number) The partition in the volume that you want to mount. If omitted, the default is to mount by volume name. Examples: For volume /dev/sda1, you specify the partition as '1'. Similarly, the volume partition for /dev/sda is '0' (or you can leave the property empty).
- `read_only` (Boolean) Specify 'true' to force and set the ReadOnly property in VolumeMounts to 'true'. If omitted, the default is 'false'. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#awselasticblockstore


<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--azure_disk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.azure_disk`

Required:

- `disk_name` (String) The Name of the data disk in the blob storage
- `disk_uri` (String) The URI the data disk in the blob storage

Optional:

- `caching_mode` (String) Host Caching mode: None, Read Only, Read Write.
- `fs_type` (String) Filesystem type to mount. Must be a filesystem type supported by the host operating system. Ex. 'ext4', 'xfs', 'ntfs'. Implicitly inferred to be 'ext4' if unspecified.
- `kind` (String) Expected values Shared: multiple blob disks per storage account  Dedicated: single blob disk per storage account  Managed: azure managed data disk (only in managed availability set). defaults to shared
- `read_only` (Boolean) Defaults to false (read/write). ReadOnly here will force the ReadOnly setting in VolumeMounts.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--azure_file"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.azure_file`

Required:

- `secret_name` (String) the name of secret that contains Azure Storage Account Name and Key
- `share_name` (String) Share Name

Optional:

- `read_only` (Boolean) Defaults to false (read/write). ReadOnly here will force the ReadOnly setting in VolumeMounts.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--cephfs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.cephfs`

Required:

- `monitors` (List of String) Required: Monitors is a collection of Ceph monitors More info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/cephfs/README.md#how-to-use-it

Optional:

- `path` (String) Optional: Used as the mounted root, rather than the full Ceph tree, default is /
- `read_only` (Boolean) Optional: Defaults to false (read/write). ReadOnly here will force the ReadOnly setting in VolumeMounts. More info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/cephfs/README.md#how-to-use-it
- `secret_file` (String) Optional: SecretFile is the path to key ring for User, default is /etc/ceph/user.secret More info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/cephfs/README.md#how-to-use-it
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) Optional: SecretRef is reference to the authentication secret for User, default is empty. More info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/cephfs/README.md#how-to-use-it (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--cephfs--secret_ref))
- `user` (String) Optional: User is the rados user name, default is admin More info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/cephfs/README.md#how-to-use-it

<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--cephfs--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.cephfs.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?



<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--cinder"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.cinder`

Required:

- `volume_id` (String) volume id used to identify the volume in cinder. More info: https://examples.k8s.io/mysql-cinder-pd/README.md

Optional:

- `fs_type` (String) Filesystem type to mount. Must be a filesystem type supported by the host operating system. Examples: 'ext4', 'xfs', 'ntfs'. Implicitly inferred to be 'ext4' if unspecified. More info: https://examples.k8s.io/mysql-cinder-pd/README.md
- `read_only` (Boolean) Optional: Defaults to false (read/write). ReadOnly here will force the ReadOnly setting in VolumeMounts. More info: https://examples.k8s.io/mysql-cinder-pd/README.md
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) Optional: points to a secret object containing parameters used to connect to OpenStack. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--cinder--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--cinder--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.cinder.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?



<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--config_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.config_map`

Optional:

- `default_mode` (Number) Optional: mode bits used to set permissions on created files by default. Must be an octal value between 0000 and 0777 or a decimal value between 0 and 511. YAML accepts both octal and decimal values, JSON requires decimal values for mode bits. Defaults to 0644. Directories within the path are not affected by this setting. This might be in conflict with other options that affect the file mode, like fsGroup, and the result can be other mode bits set.
- `items` (Attributes List) If unspecified, each key-value pair in the Data field of the referenced ConfigMap will be projected into the volume as a file whose name is the key and content is the value. If specified, the listed keys will be projected into the specified paths, and unlisted keys will not be present. If a key is specified which is not present in the ConfigMap, the volume setup will error unless it is marked optional. Paths must be relative and may not contain the '..' path or start with '..'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--config_map--items))
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the ConfigMap or its keys must be defined

<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--config_map--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.config_map.items`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key to project.
- `path` (String) The relative path of the file to map the key to. May not be an absolute path. May not contain the path element '..'. May not start with the string '..'.

Optional:

- `mode` (Number) Optional: mode bits used to set permissions on this file. Must be an octal value between 0000 and 0777 or a decimal value between 0 and 511. YAML accepts both octal and decimal values, JSON requires decimal values for mode bits. If not specified, the volume defaultMode will be used. This might be in conflict with other options that affect the file mode, like fsGroup, and the result can be other mode bits set.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--csi"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.csi`

Required:

- `driver` (String) Driver is the name of the CSI driver that handles this volume. Consult with your admin for the correct name as registered in the cluster.

Optional:

- `fs_type` (String) Filesystem type to mount. Ex. 'ext4', 'xfs', 'ntfs'. If not provided, the empty value is passed to the associated CSI driver which will determine the default filesystem to apply.
- `node_publish_secret_ref` (Attributes) NodePublishSecretRef is a reference to the secret object containing sensitive information to pass to the CSI driver to complete the CSI NodePublishVolume and NodeUnpublishVolume calls. This field is optional, and  may be empty if no secret is required. If the secret object contains more than one secret, all secret references are passed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--csi--node_publish_secret_ref))
- `read_only` (Boolean) Specifies a read-only configuration for the volume. Defaults to false (read/write).
- `volume_attributes` (Map of String) VolumeAttributes stores driver-specific properties that are passed to the CSI driver. Consult your driver's documentation for supported values.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--csi--node_publish_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.csi.node_publish_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?



<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--downward_api"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.downward_api`

Optional:

- `default_mode` (Number) Optional: mode bits to use on created files by default. Must be a Optional: mode bits used to set permissions on created files by default. Must be an octal value between 0000 and 0777 or a decimal value between 0 and 511. YAML accepts both octal and decimal values, JSON requires decimal values for mode bits. Defaults to 0644. Directories within the path are not affected by this setting. This might be in conflict with other options that affect the file mode, like fsGroup, and the result can be other mode bits set.
- `items` (Attributes List) Items is a list of downward API volume file (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--downward_api--items))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--downward_api--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.downward_api.items`

Required:

- `path` (String) Required: Path is  the relative path name of the file to be created. Must not be absolute or contain the '..' path. Must be utf-8 encoded. The first item of the relative path must not start with '..'

Optional:

- `field_ref` (Attributes) Required: Selects a field of the pod: only annotations, labels, name and namespace are supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--downward_api--items--field_ref))
- `mode` (Number) Optional: mode bits used to set permissions on this file, must be an octal value between 0000 and 0777 or a decimal value between 0 and 511. YAML accepts both octal and decimal values, JSON requires decimal values for mode bits. If not specified, the volume defaultMode will be used. This might be in conflict with other options that affect the file mode, like fsGroup, and the result can be other mode bits set.
- `resource_field_ref` (Attributes) Selects a resource of the container: only resources limits and requests (limits.cpu, limits.memory, requests.cpu and requests.memory) are currently supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--downward_api--items--resource_field_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--downward_api--items--field_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.downward_api.items.field_ref`

Required:

- `field_path` (String) Path of the field to select in the specified API version.

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) Version of the schema the FieldPath is written in terms of, defaults to 'v1'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--downward_api--items--resource_field_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.downward_api.items.resource_field_ref`

Required:

- `resource` (String) Required: resource to select

Optional:

- `container_name` (String) Container name: required for volumes, optional for env vars
- `divisor` (String) Specifies the output format of the exposed resources, defaults to '1'




<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--empty_dir"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.empty_dir`

Optional:

- `medium` (String) What type of storage medium should back this directory. The default is '' which means to use the node's default medium. Must be an empty string (default) or Memory. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#emptydir
- `size_limit` (String) Total amount of local storage required for this EmptyDir volume. The size limit is also applicable for memory medium. The maximum usage on memory medium EmptyDir would be the minimum value between the SizeLimit specified here and the sum of memory limits of all containers in a pod. The default is nil which means that the limit is undefined. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/volumes#emptydir


<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--ephemeral"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.ephemeral`

Optional:

- `read_only` (Boolean) Specifies a read-only configuration for the volume. Defaults to false (read/write).
- `volume_claim_template` (Attributes) Will be used to create a stand-alone PVC to provision the volume. The pod in which this EphemeralVolumeSource is embedded will be the owner of the PVC, i.e. the PVC will be deleted together with the pod.  The name of the PVC will be '<pod name>-<volume name>' where '<volume name>' is the name from the 'PodSpec.Volumes' array entry. Pod validation will reject the pod if the concatenated name is not valid for a PVC (for example, too long).  An existing PVC with that name that is not owned by the pod will *not* be used for the pod to avoid using an unrelated volume by mistake. Starting the pod is then blocked until the unrelated PVC is removed. If such a pre-created PVC is meant to be used by the pod, the PVC has to updated with an owner reference to the pod once the pod exists. Normally this should not be necessary, but it may be useful when manually reconstructing a broken cluster.  This field is read-only and no changes will be made by Kubernetes to the PVC after it has been created.  Required, must not be nil. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--ephemeral--volume_claim_template))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--ephemeral--volume_claim_template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.ephemeral.volume_claim_template`

Required:

- `spec` (Attributes) The specification for the PersistentVolumeClaim. The entire content is copied unchanged into the PVC that gets created from this template. The same fields as in a PersistentVolumeClaim are also valid here. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--ephemeral--volume_claim_template--spec))

Optional:

- `metadata` (Map of String) May contain labels and annotations that will be copied into the PVC when creating it. No other fields are allowed and will be rejected during validation.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--ephemeral--volume_claim_template--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.ephemeral.volume_claim_template.spec`

Optional:

- `access_modes` (List of String) AccessModes contains the desired access modes the volume should have. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#access-modes-1
- `data_source` (Attributes) This field can be used to specify either: * An existing VolumeSnapshot object (snapshot.storage.k8s.io/VolumeSnapshot - Beta) * An existing PVC (PersistentVolumeClaim) * An existing custom resource/object that implements data population (Alpha) In order to use VolumeSnapshot object types, the appropriate feature gate must be enabled (VolumeSnapshotDataSource or AnyVolumeDataSource) If the provisioner or an external controller can support the specified data source, it will create a new volume based on the contents of the specified data source. If the specified data source is not supported, the volume will not be created and the failure will be reported as an event. In the future, we plan to support more data source types and the behavior of the provisioner may change. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--ephemeral--volume_claim_template--spec--data_source))
- `resources` (Attributes) Resources represents the minimum resources the volume should have. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#resources (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--ephemeral--volume_claim_template--spec--resources))
- `selector` (Attributes) A label query over volumes to consider for binding. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--ephemeral--volume_claim_template--spec--selector))
- `storage_class_name` (String) Name of the StorageClass required by the claim. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#class-1
- `volume_mode` (String) volumeMode defines what type of volume is required by the claim. Value of Filesystem is implied when not included in claim spec.
- `volume_name` (String) VolumeName is the binding reference to the PersistentVolume backing this claim.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--ephemeral--volume_claim_template--spec--data_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.ephemeral.volume_claim_template.spec.data_source`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind is the type of resource being referenced
- `name` (String) Name is the name of resource being referenced

Optional:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup is the group for the resource being referenced. If APIGroup is not specified, the specified Kind must be in the core API group. For any other third-party types, APIGroup is required.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--ephemeral--volume_claim_template--spec--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.ephemeral.volume_claim_template.spec.resources`

Optional:

- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-compute-resources-container/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-compute-resources-container/


<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--ephemeral--volume_claim_template--spec--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.ephemeral.volume_claim_template.spec.selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--ephemeral--volume_claim_template--spec--selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--ephemeral--volume_claim_template--spec--selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.ephemeral.volume_claim_template.spec.selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.






<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--fc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.fc`

Optional:

- `fs_type` (String) Filesystem type to mount. Must be a filesystem type supported by the host operating system. Ex. 'ext4', 'xfs', 'ntfs'. Implicitly inferred to be 'ext4' if unspecified. TODO: how do we prevent errors in the filesystem from compromising the machine
- `lun` (Number) Optional: FC target lun number
- `read_only` (Boolean) Optional: Defaults to false (read/write). ReadOnly here will force the ReadOnly setting in VolumeMounts.
- `target_ww_ns` (List of String) Optional: FC target worldwide names (WWNs)
- `wwids` (List of String) Optional: FC volume world wide identifiers (wwids) Either wwids or combination of targetWWNs and lun must be set, but not both simultaneously.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--flex_volume"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.flex_volume`

Required:

- `driver` (String) Driver is the name of the driver to use for this volume.

Optional:

- `fs_type` (String) Filesystem type to mount. Must be a filesystem type supported by the host operating system. Ex. 'ext4', 'xfs', 'ntfs'. The default filesystem depends on FlexVolume script.
- `options` (Map of String) Optional: Extra command options if any.
- `read_only` (Boolean) Optional: Defaults to false (read/write). ReadOnly here will force the ReadOnly setting in VolumeMounts.
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) Optional: SecretRef is reference to the secret object containing sensitive information to pass to the plugin scripts. This may be empty if no secret object is specified. If the secret object contains more than one secret, all secrets are passed to the plugin scripts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--flex_volume--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--flex_volume--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.flex_volume.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?



<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--flocker"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.flocker`

Optional:

- `dataset_name` (String) Name of the dataset stored as metadata -> name on the dataset for Flocker should be considered as deprecated
- `dataset_uuid` (String) UUID of the dataset. This is unique identifier of a Flocker dataset


<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--gce_persistent_disk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.gce_persistent_disk`

Required:

- `pd_name` (String) Unique name of the PD resource in GCE. Used to identify the disk in GCE. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#gcepersistentdisk

Optional:

- `fs_type` (String) Filesystem type of the volume that you want to mount. Tip: Ensure that the filesystem type is supported by the host operating system. Examples: 'ext4', 'xfs', 'ntfs'. Implicitly inferred to be 'ext4' if unspecified. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#gcepersistentdisk TODO: how do we prevent errors in the filesystem from compromising the machine
- `partition` (Number) The partition in the volume that you want to mount. If omitted, the default is to mount by volume name. Examples: For volume /dev/sda1, you specify the partition as '1'. Similarly, the volume partition for /dev/sda is '0' (or you can leave the property empty). More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#gcepersistentdisk
- `read_only` (Boolean) ReadOnly here will force the ReadOnly setting in VolumeMounts. Defaults to false. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#gcepersistentdisk


<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--git_repo"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.git_repo`

Required:

- `repository` (String) Repository URL

Optional:

- `directory` (String) Target directory name. Must not contain or start with '..'.  If '.' is supplied, the volume directory will be the git repository.  Otherwise, if specified, the volume will contain the git repository in the subdirectory with the given name.
- `revision` (String) Commit hash for the specified revision.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--glusterfs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.glusterfs`

Required:

- `endpoints` (String) EndpointsName is the endpoint name that details Glusterfs topology. More info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/glusterfs/README.md#create-a-pod
- `path` (String) Path is the Glusterfs volume path. More info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/glusterfs/README.md#create-a-pod

Optional:

- `read_only` (Boolean) ReadOnly here will force the Glusterfs volume to be mounted with read-only permissions. Defaults to false. More info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/glusterfs/README.md#create-a-pod


<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--host_path"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.host_path`

Required:

- `path` (String) Path of the directory on the host. If the path is a symlink, it will follow the link to the real path. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#hostpath

Optional:

- `type` (String) Type for HostPath Volume Defaults to '' More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#hostpath


<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--iscsi"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.iscsi`

Required:

- `iqn` (String) Target iSCSI Qualified Name.
- `lun` (Number) iSCSI Target Lun number.
- `target_portal` (String) iSCSI Target Portal. The Portal is either an IP or ip_addr:port if the port is other than default (typically TCP ports 860 and 3260).

Optional:

- `chap_auth_discovery` (Boolean) whether support iSCSI Discovery CHAP authentication
- `chap_auth_session` (Boolean) whether support iSCSI Session CHAP authentication
- `fs_type` (String) Filesystem type of the volume that you want to mount. Tip: Ensure that the filesystem type is supported by the host operating system. Examples: 'ext4', 'xfs', 'ntfs'. Implicitly inferred to be 'ext4' if unspecified. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#iscsi TODO: how do we prevent errors in the filesystem from compromising the machine
- `initiator_name` (String) Custom iSCSI Initiator Name. If initiatorName is specified with iscsiInterface simultaneously, new iSCSI interface <target portal>:<volume name> will be created for the connection.
- `iscsi_interface` (String) iSCSI Interface Name that uses an iSCSI transport. Defaults to 'default' (tcp).
- `portals` (List of String) iSCSI Target Portal List. The portal is either an IP or ip_addr:port if the port is other than default (typically TCP ports 860 and 3260).
- `read_only` (Boolean) ReadOnly here will force the ReadOnly setting in VolumeMounts. Defaults to false.
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) CHAP Secret for iSCSI target and initiator authentication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--iscsi--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--iscsi--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.iscsi.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?



<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--nfs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.nfs`

Required:

- `path` (String) Path that is exported by the NFS server. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#nfs
- `server` (String) Server is the hostname or IP address of the NFS server. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#nfs

Optional:

- `read_only` (Boolean) ReadOnly here will force the NFS export to be mounted with read-only permissions. Defaults to false. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#nfs


<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--persistent_volume_claim"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.persistent_volume_claim`

Required:

- `claim_name` (String) ClaimName is the name of a PersistentVolumeClaim in the same namespace as the pod using this volume. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#persistentvolumeclaims

Optional:

- `read_only` (Boolean) Will force the ReadOnly setting in VolumeMounts. Default false.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--photon_persistent_disk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.photon_persistent_disk`

Required:

- `pd_id` (String) ID that identifies Photon Controller persistent disk

Optional:

- `fs_type` (String) Filesystem type to mount. Must be a filesystem type supported by the host operating system. Ex. 'ext4', 'xfs', 'ntfs'. Implicitly inferred to be 'ext4' if unspecified.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--portworx_volume"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.portworx_volume`

Required:

- `volume_id` (String) VolumeID uniquely identifies a Portworx volume

Optional:

- `fs_type` (String) FSType represents the filesystem type to mount Must be a filesystem type supported by the host operating system. Ex. 'ext4', 'xfs'. Implicitly inferred to be 'ext4' if unspecified.
- `read_only` (Boolean) Defaults to false (read/write). ReadOnly here will force the ReadOnly setting in VolumeMounts.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--projected"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.projected`

Required:

- `sources` (Attributes List) list of volume projections (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--projected--sources))

Optional:

- `default_mode` (Number) Mode bits used to set permissions on created files by default. Must be an octal value between 0000 and 0777 or a decimal value between 0 and 511. YAML accepts both octal and decimal values, JSON requires decimal values for mode bits. Directories within the path are not affected by this setting. This might be in conflict with other options that affect the file mode, like fsGroup, and the result can be other mode bits set.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--projected--sources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.projected.sources`

Optional:

- `config_map` (Attributes) information about the configMap data to project (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--projected--sources--config_map))
- `downward_api` (Attributes) information about the downwardAPI data to project (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--projected--sources--downward_api))
- `secret` (Attributes) information about the secret data to project (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--projected--sources--secret))
- `service_account_token` (Attributes) information about the serviceAccountToken data to project (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--projected--sources--service_account_token))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--projected--sources--config_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.projected.sources.config_map`

Optional:

- `items` (Attributes List) If unspecified, each key-value pair in the Data field of the referenced ConfigMap will be projected into the volume as a file whose name is the key and content is the value. If specified, the listed keys will be projected into the specified paths, and unlisted keys will not be present. If a key is specified which is not present in the ConfigMap, the volume setup will error unless it is marked optional. Paths must be relative and may not contain the '..' path or start with '..'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--projected--sources--config_map--items))
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the ConfigMap or its keys must be defined

<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--projected--sources--config_map--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.projected.sources.config_map.items`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key to project.
- `path` (String) The relative path of the file to map the key to. May not be an absolute path. May not contain the path element '..'. May not start with the string '..'.

Optional:

- `mode` (Number) Optional: mode bits used to set permissions on this file. Must be an octal value between 0000 and 0777 or a decimal value between 0 and 511. YAML accepts both octal and decimal values, JSON requires decimal values for mode bits. If not specified, the volume defaultMode will be used. This might be in conflict with other options that affect the file mode, like fsGroup, and the result can be other mode bits set.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--projected--sources--downward_api"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.projected.sources.downward_api`

Optional:

- `items` (Attributes List) Items is a list of DownwardAPIVolume file (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--projected--sources--downward_api--items))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--projected--sources--downward_api--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.projected.sources.downward_api.items`

Required:

- `path` (String) Required: Path is  the relative path name of the file to be created. Must not be absolute or contain the '..' path. Must be utf-8 encoded. The first item of the relative path must not start with '..'

Optional:

- `field_ref` (Attributes) Required: Selects a field of the pod: only annotations, labels, name and namespace are supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--projected--sources--downward_api--items--field_ref))
- `mode` (Number) Optional: mode bits used to set permissions on this file, must be an octal value between 0000 and 0777 or a decimal value between 0 and 511. YAML accepts both octal and decimal values, JSON requires decimal values for mode bits. If not specified, the volume defaultMode will be used. This might be in conflict with other options that affect the file mode, like fsGroup, and the result can be other mode bits set.
- `resource_field_ref` (Attributes) Selects a resource of the container: only resources limits and requests (limits.cpu, limits.memory, requests.cpu and requests.memory) are currently supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--projected--sources--downward_api--items--resource_field_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--projected--sources--downward_api--items--field_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.projected.sources.downward_api.items.field_ref`

Required:

- `field_path` (String) Path of the field to select in the specified API version.

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) Version of the schema the FieldPath is written in terms of, defaults to 'v1'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--projected--sources--downward_api--items--resource_field_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.projected.sources.downward_api.items.resource_field_ref`

Required:

- `resource` (String) Required: resource to select

Optional:

- `container_name` (String) Container name: required for volumes, optional for env vars
- `divisor` (String) Specifies the output format of the exposed resources, defaults to '1'




<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--projected--sources--secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.projected.sources.secret`

Optional:

- `items` (Attributes List) If unspecified, each key-value pair in the Data field of the referenced Secret will be projected into the volume as a file whose name is the key and content is the value. If specified, the listed keys will be projected into the specified paths, and unlisted keys will not be present. If a key is specified which is not present in the Secret, the volume setup will error unless it is marked optional. Paths must be relative and may not contain the '..' path or start with '..'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--projected--sources--secret--items))
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined

<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--projected--sources--secret--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.projected.sources.secret.items`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key to project.
- `path` (String) The relative path of the file to map the key to. May not be an absolute path. May not contain the path element '..'. May not start with the string '..'.

Optional:

- `mode` (Number) Optional: mode bits used to set permissions on this file. Must be an octal value between 0000 and 0777 or a decimal value between 0 and 511. YAML accepts both octal and decimal values, JSON requires decimal values for mode bits. If not specified, the volume defaultMode will be used. This might be in conflict with other options that affect the file mode, like fsGroup, and the result can be other mode bits set.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--projected--sources--service_account_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.projected.sources.service_account_token`

Required:

- `path` (String) Path is the path relative to the mount point of the file to project the token into.

Optional:

- `audience` (String) Audience is the intended audience of the token. A recipient of a token must identify itself with an identifier specified in the audience of the token, and otherwise should reject the token. The audience defaults to the identifier of the apiserver.
- `expiration_seconds` (Number) ExpirationSeconds is the requested duration of validity of the service account token. As the token approaches expiration, the kubelet volume plugin will proactively rotate the service account token. The kubelet will start trying to rotate the token if the token is older than 80 percent of its time to live or if the token is older than 24 hours.Defaults to 1 hour and must be at least 10 minutes.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--quobyte"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.quobyte`

Required:

- `registry` (String) Registry represents a single or multiple Quobyte Registry services specified as a string as host:port pair (multiple entries are separated with commas) which acts as the central registry for volumes
- `volume` (String) Volume is a string that references an already created Quobyte volume by name.

Optional:

- `group` (String) Group to map volume access to Default is no group
- `read_only` (Boolean) ReadOnly here will force the Quobyte volume to be mounted with read-only permissions. Defaults to false.
- `tenant` (String) Tenant owning the given Quobyte volume in the Backend Used with dynamically provisioned Quobyte volumes, value is set by the plugin
- `user` (String) User to map volume access to Defaults to serivceaccount user


<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--rbd"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.rbd`

Required:

- `image` (String) The rados image name. More info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/rbd/README.md#how-to-use-it
- `monitors` (List of String) A collection of Ceph monitors. More info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/rbd/README.md#how-to-use-it

Optional:

- `fs_type` (String) Filesystem type of the volume that you want to mount. Tip: Ensure that the filesystem type is supported by the host operating system. Examples: 'ext4', 'xfs', 'ntfs'. Implicitly inferred to be 'ext4' if unspecified. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#rbd TODO: how do we prevent errors in the filesystem from compromising the machine
- `keyring` (String) Keyring is the path to key ring for RBDUser. Default is /etc/ceph/keyring. More info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/rbd/README.md#how-to-use-it
- `pool` (String) The rados pool name. Default is rbd. More info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/rbd/README.md#how-to-use-it
- `read_only` (Boolean) ReadOnly here will force the ReadOnly setting in VolumeMounts. Defaults to false. More info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/rbd/README.md#how-to-use-it
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) SecretRef is name of the authentication secret for RBDUser. If provided overrides keyring. Default is nil. More info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/rbd/README.md#how-to-use-it (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--rbd--secret_ref))
- `user` (String) The rados user name. Default is admin. More info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/rbd/README.md#how-to-use-it

<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--rbd--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.rbd.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?



<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--scale_io"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.scale_io`

Required:

- `gateway` (String) The host address of the ScaleIO API Gateway.
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) SecretRef references to the secret for ScaleIO user and other sensitive information. If this is not provided, Login operation will fail. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--scale_io--secret_ref))
- `system` (String) The name of the storage system as configured in ScaleIO.

Optional:

- `fs_type` (String) Filesystem type to mount. Must be a filesystem type supported by the host operating system. Ex. 'ext4', 'xfs', 'ntfs'. Default is 'xfs'.
- `protection_domain` (String) The name of the ScaleIO Protection Domain for the configured storage.
- `read_only` (Boolean) Defaults to false (read/write). ReadOnly here will force the ReadOnly setting in VolumeMounts.
- `ssl_enabled` (Boolean) Flag to enable/disable SSL communication with Gateway, default false
- `storage_mode` (String) Indicates whether the storage for a volume should be ThickProvisioned or ThinProvisioned. Default is ThinProvisioned.
- `storage_pool` (String) The ScaleIO Storage Pool associated with the protection domain.
- `volume_name` (String) The name of a volume already created in the ScaleIO system that is associated with this volume source.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--scale_io--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.scale_io.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?



<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.secret`

Optional:

- `default_mode` (Number) Optional: mode bits used to set permissions on created files by default. Must be an octal value between 0000 and 0777 or a decimal value between 0 and 511. YAML accepts both octal and decimal values, JSON requires decimal values for mode bits. Defaults to 0644. Directories within the path are not affected by this setting. This might be in conflict with other options that affect the file mode, like fsGroup, and the result can be other mode bits set.
- `items` (Attributes List) If unspecified, each key-value pair in the Data field of the referenced Secret will be projected into the volume as a file whose name is the key and content is the value. If specified, the listed keys will be projected into the specified paths, and unlisted keys will not be present. If a key is specified which is not present in the Secret, the volume setup will error unless it is marked optional. Paths must be relative and may not contain the '..' path or start with '..'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--secret--items))
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its keys must be defined
- `secret_name` (String) Name of the secret in the pod's namespace to use. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#secret

<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--secret--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.secret.items`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key to project.
- `path` (String) The relative path of the file to map the key to. May not be an absolute path. May not contain the path element '..'. May not start with the string '..'.

Optional:

- `mode` (Number) Optional: mode bits used to set permissions on this file. Must be an octal value between 0000 and 0777 or a decimal value between 0 and 511. YAML accepts both octal and decimal values, JSON requires decimal values for mode bits. If not specified, the volume defaultMode will be used. This might be in conflict with other options that affect the file mode, like fsGroup, and the result can be other mode bits set.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--storageos"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.storageos`

Optional:

- `fs_type` (String) Filesystem type to mount. Must be a filesystem type supported by the host operating system. Ex. 'ext4', 'xfs', 'ntfs'. Implicitly inferred to be 'ext4' if unspecified.
- `read_only` (Boolean) Defaults to false (read/write). ReadOnly here will force the ReadOnly setting in VolumeMounts.
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) SecretRef specifies the secret to use for obtaining the StorageOS API credentials.  If not specified, default values will be attempted. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--storageos--secret_ref))
- `volume_name` (String) VolumeName is the human-readable name of the StorageOS volume.  Volume names are only unique within a namespace.
- `volume_namespace` (String) VolumeNamespace specifies the scope of the volume within StorageOS.  If no namespace is specified then the Pod's namespace will be used.  This allows the Kubernetes name scoping to be mirrored within StorageOS for tighter integration. Set VolumeName to any name to override the default behaviour. Set to 'default' if you are not using namespaces within StorageOS. Namespaces that do not pre-exist within StorageOS will be created.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--storageos--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.storageos.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?



<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--extra_volumes--vsphere_volume"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.extra_volumes.vsphere_volume`

Required:

- `volume_path` (String) Path that identifies vSphere volume vmdk

Optional:

- `fs_type` (String) Filesystem type to mount. Must be a filesystem type supported by the host operating system. Ex. 'ext4', 'xfs', 'ntfs'. Implicitly inferred to be 'ext4' if unspecified.
- `storage_policy_id` (String) Storage Policy Based Management (SPBM) profile ID associated with the StoragePolicyName.
- `storage_policy_name` (String) Storage Policy Based Management (SPBM) profile name.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--automatic_update"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.automatic_update`

Optional:

- `disabled` (Boolean) Whether or not the Operator should perform automatic updates. Defaults to 'false' (auto updates are enabled). Is set to 'false' if 'spec.image' is not empty and is different from the default community image.
- `minor_version` (Number) The Nexus image minor version the deployment should stay in. If left blank and automatic updates are enabled the latest minor is set.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--liveness_probe"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.liveness_probe`

Optional:

- `failure_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive failures for the probe to be considered failed after having succeeded. Defaults to 3. Minimum value is 1.
- `initial_delay_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds after the container has started before probes are initiated. Defaults to 240 seconds. Minimum value is 0.
- `period_seconds` (Number) How often (in seconds) to perform the probe. Defaults to 10 seconds. Minimum value is 1.
- `success_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive successes for the probe to be considered successful after having failed. Defaults to 1. Must be 1 for liveness and startup. Minimum value is 1.
- `timeout_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds after which the probe times out. Defaults to 15 seconds. Minimum value is 1.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--networking"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.networking`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations that should be added to the Ingress/Route resource
- `expose` (Boolean) Set to 'true' to expose the Nexus application. Defaults to 'false'.
- `expose_as` (String) Type of networking exposure: NodePort, Route or Ingress. Defaults to Route on OpenShift and Ingress on Kubernetes. Routes are only available on Openshift and Ingresses are only available on Kubernetes.
- `host` (String) Host where the Nexus service is exposed. This attribute is required if the service is exposed via Ingress.
- `ignore_updates` (Boolean) IgnoreUpdates controls whether the Operator monitors and undoes external changes to the Ingress/Route resources. Defaults to 'false', meaning the Operator will change the Ingress/Route specification to match its state as defined by this resource. Set to 'true' in order to prevent the Operator from undoing external changes in the resources' configuration.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels that should be added to the Ingress/Route resource
- `node_port` (Number) NodePort defined in the exposed service. Required if exposed via NodePort.
- `tls` (Attributes) TLS/SSL-related configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--networking--tls))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--networking--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.networking.tls`

Optional:

- `mandatory` (Boolean) When exposing via Route, set to 'true' to only allow encrypted traffic using TLS (disables HTTP in favor of HTTPS). Defaults to 'false'.
- `secret_name` (String) When exposing via Ingress, inform the name of the TLS secret containing certificate and private key for TLS encryption. It must be present in the same namespace as the Operator.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--readiness_probe"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.readiness_probe`

Optional:

- `failure_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive failures for the probe to be considered failed after having succeeded. Defaults to 3. Minimum value is 1.
- `initial_delay_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds after the container has started before probes are initiated. Defaults to 240 seconds. Minimum value is 0.
- `period_seconds` (Number) How often (in seconds) to perform the probe. Defaults to 10 seconds. Minimum value is 1.
- `success_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive successes for the probe to be considered successful after having failed. Defaults to 1. Must be 1 for liveness and startup. Minimum value is 1.
- `timeout_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds after which the probe times out. Defaults to 15 seconds. Minimum value is 1.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources`

Optional:

- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-compute-resources-container/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-compute-resources-container/


<a id="nestedatt--spec--server_operations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.server_operations`

Optional:

- `disable_operator_user_creation` (Boolean) DisableOperatorUserCreation disables the auto-creation of the 'nexus-operator' user on the deployed server. This user performs all the operations on the server (such as creating the community repos). If disabled, the Operator will use the default 'admin' user. Defaults to 'false' (always create the user). Setting this to 'true' is not recommended as it grants the Operator more privileges than it needs and it would not be possible to tell apart operations performed by the 'admin' and the Operator.
- `disable_repository_creation` (Boolean) DisableRepositoryCreation disables the auto-creation of Apache, JBoss and Red Hat repositories and their addition to the Maven Public group in this Nexus instance. Defaults to 'false' (always try to create the repos). Set this to 'true' to not create them. Only works if 'spec.generateRandomAdminPassword' is 'false'.
