---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_authzed_com_spice_db_cluster_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "authzed.com"
description: |-
  SpiceDBCluster defines all options for a full SpiceDB cluster
---

# k8s_authzed_com_spice_db_cluster_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

SpiceDBCluster defines all options for a full SpiceDB cluster

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_authzed_com_spice_db_cluster_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) ClusterSpec holds the desired state of the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `channel` (String) Channel is a defined series of updates that operator should follow. The operator is configured with a datasource that configures available channels and update paths. If 'version' is not specified, then the operator will keep SpiceDB up-to-date with the current head of the channel. If 'version' is specified, then the operator will write available updates in the status.
- `config` (Map of String) Config values to be passed to the cluster
- `patches` (Attributes List) Patches is a list of patches to apply to generated resources. If multiple patches apply to the same object and field, later patches in the list take precedence over earlier ones. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--patches))
- `secret_name` (String) SecretName points to a secret (in the same namespace) that holds secret config for the cluster like passwords, credentials, etc. If the secret is omitted, one will be generated
- `version` (String) Version is the name of the version of SpiceDB that will be run. The version is usually a simple version string like 'v1.13.0', but the operator is configured with a data source that tells it what versions are allowed, and they may have other names. If omitted, the newest version in the head of the channel will be used. Note that the 'config.image' field will take precedence over version/channel, if it is specified

<a id="nestedatt--spec--patches"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.patches`

Required:

- `patch` (Map of String) Patch is an inlined representation of a structured merge patch (one that just specifies the structure and fields to be modified) or a an explicit JSON6902 patch operation.

Optional:

- `kind` (String) Kind targets an object by its kubernetes Kind name.
