---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_authentication_stackable_tech_authentication_class_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "authentication.stackable.tech"
description: |-
  Auto-generated derived type for AuthenticationClassSpec via 'CustomResource'
---

# k8s_authentication_stackable_tech_authentication_class_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

Auto-generated derived type for AuthenticationClassSpec via 'CustomResource'

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_authentication_stackable_tech_authentication_class_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `protocol` (Attributes) Protocol used for authentication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--protocol))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--protocol"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.protocol`

Optional:

- `ldap` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--protocol--ldap))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--protocol--ldap"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.protocol.ldap`

Required:

- `hostname` (String) Hostname of the LDAP server

Optional:

- `bind_credentials` (Attributes) In case you need a special account for searching the LDAP server you can specify it here (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--protocol--ldap--bind_credentials))
- `email_field` (String) The name of the email field
- `firstname_field` (String) The name of the firstname field
- `group_field` (String) The name of the group field
- `lastname_field` (String) The name of the lastname field
- `port` (Number) Port of the LDAP server
- `search_base` (String) LDAP search base
- `search_filter` (String) LDAP query to filter users
- `tls` (Attributes) Use a TLS connection. If not specified no TLS will be used (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--protocol--ldap--tls))
- `uid_field` (String) The name of the username field

<a id="nestedatt--spec--protocol--ldap--bind_credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.protocol.ldap.bind_credentials`

Required:

- `secret_class` (String) [SecretClass](https://docs.stackable.tech/secret-operator/secretclass.html) containing the LDAP bind credentials

Optional:

- `scope` (Attributes) [Scope](https://docs.stackable.tech/secret-operator/scope.html) of the [SecretClass](https://docs.stackable.tech/secret-operator/secretclass.html) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--protocol--ldap--bind_credentials--scope))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--protocol--ldap--bind_credentials--scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.protocol.ldap.bind_credentials.scope`

Optional:

- `node` (Boolean)
- `pod` (Boolean)
- `services` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--protocol--ldap--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.protocol.ldap.tls`

Optional:

- `insecure` (Map of String) Use TLS but don't verify certificates. We have to use an empty struct instead of an empty Enum because of limitations of [kube-rs](https://github.com/kube-rs/kube-rs/)
- `mutual_verification` (Attributes) Use TLS and ca certificate to verify the server and the client (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--protocol--ldap--tls--mutual_verification))
- `server_verification` (Attributes) Use TLS and ca certificate to verify the server (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--protocol--ldap--tls--server_verification))
- `system_provided` (Map of String) Use TLS and the ca certificates provided by the system - in this case the Docker image - to verify the server. This can be useful when you e.g. use public AWS S3 or other public available services.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--protocol--ldap--tls--mutual_verification"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.protocol.ldap.tls.mutual_verification`

Required:

- `secret_class` (String) [SecretClass](https://docs.stackable.tech/secret-operator/secretclass.html) which will provide ca.crt, tls.crt and tls.key


<a id="nestedatt--spec--protocol--ldap--tls--server_verification"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.protocol.ldap.tls.server_verification`

Required:

- `server_ca_cert` (Attributes) Ca cert to verify the server (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--protocol--ldap--tls--server_verification--server_ca_cert))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--protocol--ldap--tls--server_verification--server_ca_cert"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.protocol.ldap.tls.server_verification.server_ca_cert`

Optional:

- `configmap` (String) Name of the ConfigMap containing the ca cert. Key must be 'ca.crt'.
- `path` (String) Path to the ca cert
- `secret` (String) Name of the Secret containing the ca cert. Key must be 'ca.crt'.
- `secret_class` (String) Name of the SecretClass which will provide the ca cert
