---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_authorization_openshift_io_role_binding_restriction_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "authorization.openshift.io"
description: |-
  RoleBindingRestriction is an object that can be matched against a subject (user, group, or service account) to determine whether rolebindings on that subject are allowed in the namespace to which the RoleBindingRestriction belongs.  If any one of those RoleBindingRestriction objects matches a subject, rolebindings on that subject in the namespace are allowed.  Compatibility level 1: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 12 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).
---

# k8s_authorization_openshift_io_role_binding_restriction_v1_manifest (Data Source)

RoleBindingRestriction is an object that can be matched against a subject (user, group, or service account) to determine whether rolebindings on that subject are allowed in the namespace to which the RoleBindingRestriction belongs.  If any one of those RoleBindingRestriction objects matches a subject, rolebindings on that subject in the namespace are allowed.  Compatibility level 1: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 12 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_authorization_openshift_io_role_binding_restriction_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) Spec defines the matcher. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `grouprestriction` (Attributes) GroupRestriction matches against group subjects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--grouprestriction))
- `serviceaccountrestriction` (Attributes) ServiceAccountRestriction matches against service-account subjects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--serviceaccountrestriction))
- `userrestriction` (Attributes) UserRestriction matches against user subjects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--userrestriction))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--grouprestriction"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.grouprestriction`

Optional:

- `groups` (List of String) Groups is a list of groups used to match against an individual user's groups. If the user is a member of one of the whitelisted groups, the user is allowed to be bound to a role.
- `labels` (Attributes List) Selectors specifies a list of label selectors over group labels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--grouprestriction--labels))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--grouprestriction--labels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.grouprestriction.labels`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--grouprestriction--labels--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--grouprestriction--labels--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.grouprestriction.labels.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--serviceaccountrestriction"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.serviceaccountrestriction`

Optional:

- `namespaces` (List of String) Namespaces specifies a list of literal namespace names.
- `serviceaccounts` (Attributes List) ServiceAccounts specifies a list of literal service-account names. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--serviceaccountrestriction--serviceaccounts))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--serviceaccountrestriction--serviceaccounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.serviceaccountrestriction.serviceaccounts`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the service account.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of the service account.  Service accounts from inside the whitelisted namespaces are allowed to be bound to roles.  If Namespace is empty, then the namespace of the RoleBindingRestriction in which the ServiceAccountReference is embedded is used.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--userrestriction"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.userrestriction`

Optional:

- `groups` (List of String) Groups specifies a list of literal group names.
- `labels` (Attributes List) Selectors specifies a list of label selectors over user labels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--userrestriction--labels))
- `users` (List of String) Users specifies a list of literal user names.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--userrestriction--labels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.userrestriction.labels`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--userrestriction--labels--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--userrestriction--labels--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.userrestriction.labels.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.
