---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_autoscaling_horizontal_pod_autoscaler_v2_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "autoscaling"
description: |-
  HorizontalPodAutoscaler is the configuration for a horizontal pod autoscaler, which automatically manages the replica count of any resource implementing the scale subresource based on the metrics specified.
---

# k8s_autoscaling_horizontal_pod_autoscaler_v2_manifest (Data Source)

HorizontalPodAutoscaler is the configuration for a horizontal pod autoscaler, which automatically manages the replica count of any resource implementing the scale subresource based on the metrics specified.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_autoscaling_horizontal_pod_autoscaler_v2_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) HorizontalPodAutoscalerSpec describes the desired functionality of the HorizontalPodAutoscaler. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `max_replicas` (Number) maxReplicas is the upper limit for the number of replicas to which the autoscaler can scale up. It cannot be less that minReplicas.
- `scale_target_ref` (Attributes) CrossVersionObjectReference contains enough information to let you identify the referred resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scale_target_ref))

Optional:

- `behavior` (Attributes) HorizontalPodAutoscalerBehavior configures the scaling behavior of the target in both Up and Down directions (scaleUp and scaleDown fields respectively). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--behavior))
- `metrics` (Attributes List) metrics contains the specifications for which to use to calculate the desired replica count (the maximum replica count across all metrics will be used). The desired replica count is calculated multiplying the ratio between the target value and the current value by the current number of pods. Ergo, metrics used must decrease as the pod count is increased, and vice-versa. See the individual metric source types for more information about how each type of metric must respond. If not set, the default metric will be set to 80% average CPU utilization. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--metrics))
- `min_replicas` (Number) minReplicas is the lower limit for the number of replicas to which the autoscaler can scale down. It defaults to 1 pod. minReplicas is allowed to be 0 if the alpha feature gate HPAScaleToZero is enabled and at least one Object or External metric is configured. Scaling is active as long as at least one metric value is available.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scale_target_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scale_target_ref`

Required:

- `kind` (String) kind is the kind of the referent; More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `name` (String) name is the name of the referent; More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) apiVersion is the API version of the referent


<a id="nestedatt--spec--behavior"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.behavior`

Optional:

- `scale_down` (Attributes) HPAScalingRules configures the scaling behavior for one direction. These Rules are applied after calculating DesiredReplicas from metrics for the HPA. They can limit the scaling velocity by specifying scaling policies. They can prevent flapping by specifying the stabilization window, so that the number of replicas is not set instantly, instead, the safest value from the stabilization window is chosen. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--behavior--scale_down))
- `scale_up` (Attributes) HPAScalingRules configures the scaling behavior for one direction. These Rules are applied after calculating DesiredReplicas from metrics for the HPA. They can limit the scaling velocity by specifying scaling policies. They can prevent flapping by specifying the stabilization window, so that the number of replicas is not set instantly, instead, the safest value from the stabilization window is chosen. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--behavior--scale_up))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--behavior--scale_down"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.behavior.scale_down`

Optional:

- `policies` (Attributes List) policies is a list of potential scaling polices which can be used during scaling. At least one policy must be specified, otherwise the HPAScalingRules will be discarded as invalid (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--behavior--scale_down--policies))
- `select_policy` (String) selectPolicy is used to specify which policy should be used. If not set, the default value Max is used.
- `stabilization_window_seconds` (Number) stabilizationWindowSeconds is the number of seconds for which past recommendations should be considered while scaling up or scaling down. StabilizationWindowSeconds must be greater than or equal to zero and less than or equal to 3600 (one hour). If not set, use the default values: - For scale up: 0 (i.e. no stabilization is done). - For scale down: 300 (i.e. the stabilization window is 300 seconds long).

<a id="nestedatt--spec--behavior--scale_down--policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.behavior.scale_down.policies`

Required:

- `period_seconds` (Number) periodSeconds specifies the window of time for which the policy should hold true. PeriodSeconds must be greater than zero and less than or equal to 1800 (30 min).
- `type` (String) type is used to specify the scaling policy.
- `value` (Number) value contains the amount of change which is permitted by the policy. It must be greater than zero



<a id="nestedatt--spec--behavior--scale_up"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.behavior.scale_up`

Optional:

- `policies` (Attributes List) policies is a list of potential scaling polices which can be used during scaling. At least one policy must be specified, otherwise the HPAScalingRules will be discarded as invalid (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--behavior--scale_up--policies))
- `select_policy` (String) selectPolicy is used to specify which policy should be used. If not set, the default value Max is used.
- `stabilization_window_seconds` (Number) stabilizationWindowSeconds is the number of seconds for which past recommendations should be considered while scaling up or scaling down. StabilizationWindowSeconds must be greater than or equal to zero and less than or equal to 3600 (one hour). If not set, use the default values: - For scale up: 0 (i.e. no stabilization is done). - For scale down: 300 (i.e. the stabilization window is 300 seconds long).

<a id="nestedatt--spec--behavior--scale_up--policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.behavior.scale_up.policies`

Required:

- `period_seconds` (Number) periodSeconds specifies the window of time for which the policy should hold true. PeriodSeconds must be greater than zero and less than or equal to 1800 (30 min).
- `type` (String) type is used to specify the scaling policy.
- `value` (Number) value contains the amount of change which is permitted by the policy. It must be greater than zero




<a id="nestedatt--spec--metrics"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metrics`

Required:

- `type` (String) type is the type of metric source. It should be one of 'ContainerResource', 'External', 'Object', 'Pods' or 'Resource', each mapping to a matching field in the object. Note: 'ContainerResource' type is available on when the feature-gate HPAContainerMetrics is enabled

Optional:

- `container_resource` (Attributes) ContainerResourceMetricSource indicates how to scale on a resource metric known to Kubernetes, as specified in requests and limits, describing each pod in the current scale target (e.g. CPU or memory). The values will be averaged together before being compared to the target. Such metrics are built in to Kubernetes, and have special scaling options on top of those available to normal per-pod metrics using the 'pods' source. Only one 'target' type should be set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--metrics--container_resource))
- `external` (Attributes) ExternalMetricSource indicates how to scale on a metric not associated with any Kubernetes object (for example length of queue in cloud messaging service, or QPS from loadbalancer running outside of cluster). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--metrics--external))
- `object` (Attributes) ObjectMetricSource indicates how to scale on a metric describing a kubernetes object (for example, hits-per-second on an Ingress object). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--metrics--object))
- `pods` (Attributes) PodsMetricSource indicates how to scale on a metric describing each pod in the current scale target (for example, transactions-processed-per-second). The values will be averaged together before being compared to the target value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--metrics--pods))
- `resource` (Attributes) ResourceMetricSource indicates how to scale on a resource metric known to Kubernetes, as specified in requests and limits, describing each pod in the current scale target (e.g. CPU or memory). The values will be averaged together before being compared to the target. Such metrics are built in to Kubernetes, and have special scaling options on top of those available to normal per-pod metrics using the 'pods' source. Only one 'target' type should be set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--metrics--resource))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--metrics--container_resource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metrics.container_resource`

Required:

- `container` (String) container is the name of the container in the pods of the scaling target
- `name` (String) name is the name of the resource in question.
- `target` (Attributes) MetricTarget defines the target value, average value, or average utilization of a specific metric (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--metrics--container_resource--target))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--metrics--container_resource--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metrics.container_resource.target`

Required:

- `type` (String) type represents whether the metric type is Utilization, Value, or AverageValue

Optional:

- `average_utilization` (Number) averageUtilization is the target value of the average of the resource metric across all relevant pods, represented as a percentage of the requested value of the resource for the pods. Currently only valid for Resource metric source type
- `average_value` (String) Quantity is a fixed-point representation of a number. It provides convenient marshaling/unmarshaling in JSON and YAML, in addition to String() and AsInt64() accessors. The serialization format is: ''' <quantity> ::= <signedNumber><suffix> (Note that <suffix> may be empty, from the '' case in <decimalSI>.) <digit> ::= 0 | 1 | ... | 9 <digits> ::= <digit> | <digit><digits> <number> ::= <digits> | <digits>.<digits> | <digits>. | .<digits> <sign> ::= '+' | '-' <signedNumber> ::= <number> | <sign><number> <suffix> ::= <binarySI> | <decimalExponent> | <decimalSI> <binarySI> ::= Ki | Mi | Gi | Ti | Pi | Ei (International System of units; See: http://physics.nist.gov/cuu/Units/binary.html) <decimalSI> ::= m | '' | k | M | G | T | P | E (Note that 1024 = 1Ki but 1000 = 1k; I didn't choose the capitalization.) <decimalExponent> ::= 'e' <signedNumber> | 'E' <signedNumber> ''' No matter which of the three exponent forms is used, no quantity may represent a number greater than 2^63-1 in magnitude, nor may it have more than 3 decimal places. Numbers larger or more precise will be capped or rounded up. (E.g.: 0.1m will rounded up to 1m.) This may be extended in the future if we require larger or smaller quantities. When a Quantity is parsed from a string, it will remember the type of suffix it had, and will use the same type again when it is serialized. Before serializing, Quantity will be put in 'canonical form'. This means that Exponent/suffix will be adjusted up or down (with a corresponding increase or decrease in Mantissa) such that: - No precision is lost - No fractional digits will be emitted - The exponent (or suffix) is as large as possible. The sign will be omitted unless the number is negative. Examples: - 1.5 will be serialized as '1500m' - 1.5Gi will be serialized as '1536Mi' Note that the quantity will NEVER be internally represented by a floating point number. That is the whole point of this exercise. Non-canonical values will still parse as long as they are well formed, but will be re-emitted in their canonical form. (So always use canonical form, or don't diff.) This format is intended to make it difficult to use these numbers without writing some sort of special handling code in the hopes that that will cause implementors to also use a fixed point implementation.
- `value` (String) Quantity is a fixed-point representation of a number. It provides convenient marshaling/unmarshaling in JSON and YAML, in addition to String() and AsInt64() accessors. The serialization format is: ''' <quantity> ::= <signedNumber><suffix> (Note that <suffix> may be empty, from the '' case in <decimalSI>.) <digit> ::= 0 | 1 | ... | 9 <digits> ::= <digit> | <digit><digits> <number> ::= <digits> | <digits>.<digits> | <digits>. | .<digits> <sign> ::= '+' | '-' <signedNumber> ::= <number> | <sign><number> <suffix> ::= <binarySI> | <decimalExponent> | <decimalSI> <binarySI> ::= Ki | Mi | Gi | Ti | Pi | Ei (International System of units; See: http://physics.nist.gov/cuu/Units/binary.html) <decimalSI> ::= m | '' | k | M | G | T | P | E (Note that 1024 = 1Ki but 1000 = 1k; I didn't choose the capitalization.) <decimalExponent> ::= 'e' <signedNumber> | 'E' <signedNumber> ''' No matter which of the three exponent forms is used, no quantity may represent a number greater than 2^63-1 in magnitude, nor may it have more than 3 decimal places. Numbers larger or more precise will be capped or rounded up. (E.g.: 0.1m will rounded up to 1m.) This may be extended in the future if we require larger or smaller quantities. When a Quantity is parsed from a string, it will remember the type of suffix it had, and will use the same type again when it is serialized. Before serializing, Quantity will be put in 'canonical form'. This means that Exponent/suffix will be adjusted up or down (with a corresponding increase or decrease in Mantissa) such that: - No precision is lost - No fractional digits will be emitted - The exponent (or suffix) is as large as possible. The sign will be omitted unless the number is negative. Examples: - 1.5 will be serialized as '1500m' - 1.5Gi will be serialized as '1536Mi' Note that the quantity will NEVER be internally represented by a floating point number. That is the whole point of this exercise. Non-canonical values will still parse as long as they are well formed, but will be re-emitted in their canonical form. (So always use canonical form, or don't diff.) This format is intended to make it difficult to use these numbers without writing some sort of special handling code in the hopes that that will cause implementors to also use a fixed point implementation.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--metrics--external"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metrics.external`

Required:

- `metric` (Attributes) MetricIdentifier defines the name and optionally selector for a metric (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--metrics--external--metric))
- `target` (Attributes) MetricTarget defines the target value, average value, or average utilization of a specific metric (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--metrics--external--target))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--metrics--external--metric"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metrics.external.metric`

Required:

- `name` (String) name is the name of the given metric

Optional:

- `selector` (Attributes) A label selector is a label query over a set of resources. The result of matchLabels and matchExpressions are ANDed. An empty label selector matches all objects. A null label selector matches no objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--metrics--external--metric--selector))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--metrics--external--metric--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metrics.external.metric.selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--metrics--external--metric--selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--metrics--external--metric--selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metrics.external.metric.selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--metrics--external--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metrics.external.target`

Required:

- `type` (String) type represents whether the metric type is Utilization, Value, or AverageValue

Optional:

- `average_utilization` (Number) averageUtilization is the target value of the average of the resource metric across all relevant pods, represented as a percentage of the requested value of the resource for the pods. Currently only valid for Resource metric source type
- `average_value` (String) Quantity is a fixed-point representation of a number. It provides convenient marshaling/unmarshaling in JSON and YAML, in addition to String() and AsInt64() accessors. The serialization format is: ''' <quantity> ::= <signedNumber><suffix> (Note that <suffix> may be empty, from the '' case in <decimalSI>.) <digit> ::= 0 | 1 | ... | 9 <digits> ::= <digit> | <digit><digits> <number> ::= <digits> | <digits>.<digits> | <digits>. | .<digits> <sign> ::= '+' | '-' <signedNumber> ::= <number> | <sign><number> <suffix> ::= <binarySI> | <decimalExponent> | <decimalSI> <binarySI> ::= Ki | Mi | Gi | Ti | Pi | Ei (International System of units; See: http://physics.nist.gov/cuu/Units/binary.html) <decimalSI> ::= m | '' | k | M | G | T | P | E (Note that 1024 = 1Ki but 1000 = 1k; I didn't choose the capitalization.) <decimalExponent> ::= 'e' <signedNumber> | 'E' <signedNumber> ''' No matter which of the three exponent forms is used, no quantity may represent a number greater than 2^63-1 in magnitude, nor may it have more than 3 decimal places. Numbers larger or more precise will be capped or rounded up. (E.g.: 0.1m will rounded up to 1m.) This may be extended in the future if we require larger or smaller quantities. When a Quantity is parsed from a string, it will remember the type of suffix it had, and will use the same type again when it is serialized. Before serializing, Quantity will be put in 'canonical form'. This means that Exponent/suffix will be adjusted up or down (with a corresponding increase or decrease in Mantissa) such that: - No precision is lost - No fractional digits will be emitted - The exponent (or suffix) is as large as possible. The sign will be omitted unless the number is negative. Examples: - 1.5 will be serialized as '1500m' - 1.5Gi will be serialized as '1536Mi' Note that the quantity will NEVER be internally represented by a floating point number. That is the whole point of this exercise. Non-canonical values will still parse as long as they are well formed, but will be re-emitted in their canonical form. (So always use canonical form, or don't diff.) This format is intended to make it difficult to use these numbers without writing some sort of special handling code in the hopes that that will cause implementors to also use a fixed point implementation.
- `value` (String) Quantity is a fixed-point representation of a number. It provides convenient marshaling/unmarshaling in JSON and YAML, in addition to String() and AsInt64() accessors. The serialization format is: ''' <quantity> ::= <signedNumber><suffix> (Note that <suffix> may be empty, from the '' case in <decimalSI>.) <digit> ::= 0 | 1 | ... | 9 <digits> ::= <digit> | <digit><digits> <number> ::= <digits> | <digits>.<digits> | <digits>. | .<digits> <sign> ::= '+' | '-' <signedNumber> ::= <number> | <sign><number> <suffix> ::= <binarySI> | <decimalExponent> | <decimalSI> <binarySI> ::= Ki | Mi | Gi | Ti | Pi | Ei (International System of units; See: http://physics.nist.gov/cuu/Units/binary.html) <decimalSI> ::= m | '' | k | M | G | T | P | E (Note that 1024 = 1Ki but 1000 = 1k; I didn't choose the capitalization.) <decimalExponent> ::= 'e' <signedNumber> | 'E' <signedNumber> ''' No matter which of the three exponent forms is used, no quantity may represent a number greater than 2^63-1 in magnitude, nor may it have more than 3 decimal places. Numbers larger or more precise will be capped or rounded up. (E.g.: 0.1m will rounded up to 1m.) This may be extended in the future if we require larger or smaller quantities. When a Quantity is parsed from a string, it will remember the type of suffix it had, and will use the same type again when it is serialized. Before serializing, Quantity will be put in 'canonical form'. This means that Exponent/suffix will be adjusted up or down (with a corresponding increase or decrease in Mantissa) such that: - No precision is lost - No fractional digits will be emitted - The exponent (or suffix) is as large as possible. The sign will be omitted unless the number is negative. Examples: - 1.5 will be serialized as '1500m' - 1.5Gi will be serialized as '1536Mi' Note that the quantity will NEVER be internally represented by a floating point number. That is the whole point of this exercise. Non-canonical values will still parse as long as they are well formed, but will be re-emitted in their canonical form. (So always use canonical form, or don't diff.) This format is intended to make it difficult to use these numbers without writing some sort of special handling code in the hopes that that will cause implementors to also use a fixed point implementation.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--metrics--object"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metrics.object`

Required:

- `described_object` (Attributes) CrossVersionObjectReference contains enough information to let you identify the referred resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--metrics--object--described_object))
- `metric` (Attributes) MetricIdentifier defines the name and optionally selector for a metric (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--metrics--object--metric))
- `target` (Attributes) MetricTarget defines the target value, average value, or average utilization of a specific metric (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--metrics--object--target))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--metrics--object--described_object"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metrics.object.described_object`

Required:

- `kind` (String) kind is the kind of the referent; More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `name` (String) name is the name of the referent; More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) apiVersion is the API version of the referent


<a id="nestedatt--spec--metrics--object--metric"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metrics.object.metric`

Required:

- `name` (String) name is the name of the given metric

Optional:

- `selector` (Attributes) A label selector is a label query over a set of resources. The result of matchLabels and matchExpressions are ANDed. An empty label selector matches all objects. A null label selector matches no objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--metrics--object--metric--selector))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--metrics--object--metric--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metrics.object.metric.selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--metrics--object--metric--selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--metrics--object--metric--selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metrics.object.metric.selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--metrics--object--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metrics.object.target`

Required:

- `type` (String) type represents whether the metric type is Utilization, Value, or AverageValue

Optional:

- `average_utilization` (Number) averageUtilization is the target value of the average of the resource metric across all relevant pods, represented as a percentage of the requested value of the resource for the pods. Currently only valid for Resource metric source type
- `average_value` (String) Quantity is a fixed-point representation of a number. It provides convenient marshaling/unmarshaling in JSON and YAML, in addition to String() and AsInt64() accessors. The serialization format is: ''' <quantity> ::= <signedNumber><suffix> (Note that <suffix> may be empty, from the '' case in <decimalSI>.) <digit> ::= 0 | 1 | ... | 9 <digits> ::= <digit> | <digit><digits> <number> ::= <digits> | <digits>.<digits> | <digits>. | .<digits> <sign> ::= '+' | '-' <signedNumber> ::= <number> | <sign><number> <suffix> ::= <binarySI> | <decimalExponent> | <decimalSI> <binarySI> ::= Ki | Mi | Gi | Ti | Pi | Ei (International System of units; See: http://physics.nist.gov/cuu/Units/binary.html) <decimalSI> ::= m | '' | k | M | G | T | P | E (Note that 1024 = 1Ki but 1000 = 1k; I didn't choose the capitalization.) <decimalExponent> ::= 'e' <signedNumber> | 'E' <signedNumber> ''' No matter which of the three exponent forms is used, no quantity may represent a number greater than 2^63-1 in magnitude, nor may it have more than 3 decimal places. Numbers larger or more precise will be capped or rounded up. (E.g.: 0.1m will rounded up to 1m.) This may be extended in the future if we require larger or smaller quantities. When a Quantity is parsed from a string, it will remember the type of suffix it had, and will use the same type again when it is serialized. Before serializing, Quantity will be put in 'canonical form'. This means that Exponent/suffix will be adjusted up or down (with a corresponding increase or decrease in Mantissa) such that: - No precision is lost - No fractional digits will be emitted - The exponent (or suffix) is as large as possible. The sign will be omitted unless the number is negative. Examples: - 1.5 will be serialized as '1500m' - 1.5Gi will be serialized as '1536Mi' Note that the quantity will NEVER be internally represented by a floating point number. That is the whole point of this exercise. Non-canonical values will still parse as long as they are well formed, but will be re-emitted in their canonical form. (So always use canonical form, or don't diff.) This format is intended to make it difficult to use these numbers without writing some sort of special handling code in the hopes that that will cause implementors to also use a fixed point implementation.
- `value` (String) Quantity is a fixed-point representation of a number. It provides convenient marshaling/unmarshaling in JSON and YAML, in addition to String() and AsInt64() accessors. The serialization format is: ''' <quantity> ::= <signedNumber><suffix> (Note that <suffix> may be empty, from the '' case in <decimalSI>.) <digit> ::= 0 | 1 | ... | 9 <digits> ::= <digit> | <digit><digits> <number> ::= <digits> | <digits>.<digits> | <digits>. | .<digits> <sign> ::= '+' | '-' <signedNumber> ::= <number> | <sign><number> <suffix> ::= <binarySI> | <decimalExponent> | <decimalSI> <binarySI> ::= Ki | Mi | Gi | Ti | Pi | Ei (International System of units; See: http://physics.nist.gov/cuu/Units/binary.html) <decimalSI> ::= m | '' | k | M | G | T | P | E (Note that 1024 = 1Ki but 1000 = 1k; I didn't choose the capitalization.) <decimalExponent> ::= 'e' <signedNumber> | 'E' <signedNumber> ''' No matter which of the three exponent forms is used, no quantity may represent a number greater than 2^63-1 in magnitude, nor may it have more than 3 decimal places. Numbers larger or more precise will be capped or rounded up. (E.g.: 0.1m will rounded up to 1m.) This may be extended in the future if we require larger or smaller quantities. When a Quantity is parsed from a string, it will remember the type of suffix it had, and will use the same type again when it is serialized. Before serializing, Quantity will be put in 'canonical form'. This means that Exponent/suffix will be adjusted up or down (with a corresponding increase or decrease in Mantissa) such that: - No precision is lost - No fractional digits will be emitted - The exponent (or suffix) is as large as possible. The sign will be omitted unless the number is negative. Examples: - 1.5 will be serialized as '1500m' - 1.5Gi will be serialized as '1536Mi' Note that the quantity will NEVER be internally represented by a floating point number. That is the whole point of this exercise. Non-canonical values will still parse as long as they are well formed, but will be re-emitted in their canonical form. (So always use canonical form, or don't diff.) This format is intended to make it difficult to use these numbers without writing some sort of special handling code in the hopes that that will cause implementors to also use a fixed point implementation.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--metrics--pods"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metrics.pods`

Required:

- `metric` (Attributes) MetricIdentifier defines the name and optionally selector for a metric (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--metrics--pods--metric))
- `target` (Attributes) MetricTarget defines the target value, average value, or average utilization of a specific metric (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--metrics--pods--target))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--metrics--pods--metric"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metrics.pods.metric`

Required:

- `name` (String) name is the name of the given metric

Optional:

- `selector` (Attributes) A label selector is a label query over a set of resources. The result of matchLabels and matchExpressions are ANDed. An empty label selector matches all objects. A null label selector matches no objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--metrics--pods--metric--selector))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--metrics--pods--metric--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metrics.pods.metric.selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--metrics--pods--metric--selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--metrics--pods--metric--selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metrics.pods.metric.selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--metrics--pods--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metrics.pods.target`

Required:

- `type` (String) type represents whether the metric type is Utilization, Value, or AverageValue

Optional:

- `average_utilization` (Number) averageUtilization is the target value of the average of the resource metric across all relevant pods, represented as a percentage of the requested value of the resource for the pods. Currently only valid for Resource metric source type
- `average_value` (String) Quantity is a fixed-point representation of a number. It provides convenient marshaling/unmarshaling in JSON and YAML, in addition to String() and AsInt64() accessors. The serialization format is: ''' <quantity> ::= <signedNumber><suffix> (Note that <suffix> may be empty, from the '' case in <decimalSI>.) <digit> ::= 0 | 1 | ... | 9 <digits> ::= <digit> | <digit><digits> <number> ::= <digits> | <digits>.<digits> | <digits>. | .<digits> <sign> ::= '+' | '-' <signedNumber> ::= <number> | <sign><number> <suffix> ::= <binarySI> | <decimalExponent> | <decimalSI> <binarySI> ::= Ki | Mi | Gi | Ti | Pi | Ei (International System of units; See: http://physics.nist.gov/cuu/Units/binary.html) <decimalSI> ::= m | '' | k | M | G | T | P | E (Note that 1024 = 1Ki but 1000 = 1k; I didn't choose the capitalization.) <decimalExponent> ::= 'e' <signedNumber> | 'E' <signedNumber> ''' No matter which of the three exponent forms is used, no quantity may represent a number greater than 2^63-1 in magnitude, nor may it have more than 3 decimal places. Numbers larger or more precise will be capped or rounded up. (E.g.: 0.1m will rounded up to 1m.) This may be extended in the future if we require larger or smaller quantities. When a Quantity is parsed from a string, it will remember the type of suffix it had, and will use the same type again when it is serialized. Before serializing, Quantity will be put in 'canonical form'. This means that Exponent/suffix will be adjusted up or down (with a corresponding increase or decrease in Mantissa) such that: - No precision is lost - No fractional digits will be emitted - The exponent (or suffix) is as large as possible. The sign will be omitted unless the number is negative. Examples: - 1.5 will be serialized as '1500m' - 1.5Gi will be serialized as '1536Mi' Note that the quantity will NEVER be internally represented by a floating point number. That is the whole point of this exercise. Non-canonical values will still parse as long as they are well formed, but will be re-emitted in their canonical form. (So always use canonical form, or don't diff.) This format is intended to make it difficult to use these numbers without writing some sort of special handling code in the hopes that that will cause implementors to also use a fixed point implementation.
- `value` (String) Quantity is a fixed-point representation of a number. It provides convenient marshaling/unmarshaling in JSON and YAML, in addition to String() and AsInt64() accessors. The serialization format is: ''' <quantity> ::= <signedNumber><suffix> (Note that <suffix> may be empty, from the '' case in <decimalSI>.) <digit> ::= 0 | 1 | ... | 9 <digits> ::= <digit> | <digit><digits> <number> ::= <digits> | <digits>.<digits> | <digits>. | .<digits> <sign> ::= '+' | '-' <signedNumber> ::= <number> | <sign><number> <suffix> ::= <binarySI> | <decimalExponent> | <decimalSI> <binarySI> ::= Ki | Mi | Gi | Ti | Pi | Ei (International System of units; See: http://physics.nist.gov/cuu/Units/binary.html) <decimalSI> ::= m | '' | k | M | G | T | P | E (Note that 1024 = 1Ki but 1000 = 1k; I didn't choose the capitalization.) <decimalExponent> ::= 'e' <signedNumber> | 'E' <signedNumber> ''' No matter which of the three exponent forms is used, no quantity may represent a number greater than 2^63-1 in magnitude, nor may it have more than 3 decimal places. Numbers larger or more precise will be capped or rounded up. (E.g.: 0.1m will rounded up to 1m.) This may be extended in the future if we require larger or smaller quantities. When a Quantity is parsed from a string, it will remember the type of suffix it had, and will use the same type again when it is serialized. Before serializing, Quantity will be put in 'canonical form'. This means that Exponent/suffix will be adjusted up or down (with a corresponding increase or decrease in Mantissa) such that: - No precision is lost - No fractional digits will be emitted - The exponent (or suffix) is as large as possible. The sign will be omitted unless the number is negative. Examples: - 1.5 will be serialized as '1500m' - 1.5Gi will be serialized as '1536Mi' Note that the quantity will NEVER be internally represented by a floating point number. That is the whole point of this exercise. Non-canonical values will still parse as long as they are well formed, but will be re-emitted in their canonical form. (So always use canonical form, or don't diff.) This format is intended to make it difficult to use these numbers without writing some sort of special handling code in the hopes that that will cause implementors to also use a fixed point implementation.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--metrics--resource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metrics.resource`

Required:

- `name` (String) name is the name of the resource in question.
- `target` (Attributes) MetricTarget defines the target value, average value, or average utilization of a specific metric (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--metrics--resource--target))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--metrics--resource--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metrics.resource.target`

Required:

- `type` (String) type represents whether the metric type is Utilization, Value, or AverageValue

Optional:

- `average_utilization` (Number) averageUtilization is the target value of the average of the resource metric across all relevant pods, represented as a percentage of the requested value of the resource for the pods. Currently only valid for Resource metric source type
- `average_value` (String) Quantity is a fixed-point representation of a number. It provides convenient marshaling/unmarshaling in JSON and YAML, in addition to String() and AsInt64() accessors. The serialization format is: ''' <quantity> ::= <signedNumber><suffix> (Note that <suffix> may be empty, from the '' case in <decimalSI>.) <digit> ::= 0 | 1 | ... | 9 <digits> ::= <digit> | <digit><digits> <number> ::= <digits> | <digits>.<digits> | <digits>. | .<digits> <sign> ::= '+' | '-' <signedNumber> ::= <number> | <sign><number> <suffix> ::= <binarySI> | <decimalExponent> | <decimalSI> <binarySI> ::= Ki | Mi | Gi | Ti | Pi | Ei (International System of units; See: http://physics.nist.gov/cuu/Units/binary.html) <decimalSI> ::= m | '' | k | M | G | T | P | E (Note that 1024 = 1Ki but 1000 = 1k; I didn't choose the capitalization.) <decimalExponent> ::= 'e' <signedNumber> | 'E' <signedNumber> ''' No matter which of the three exponent forms is used, no quantity may represent a number greater than 2^63-1 in magnitude, nor may it have more than 3 decimal places. Numbers larger or more precise will be capped or rounded up. (E.g.: 0.1m will rounded up to 1m.) This may be extended in the future if we require larger or smaller quantities. When a Quantity is parsed from a string, it will remember the type of suffix it had, and will use the same type again when it is serialized. Before serializing, Quantity will be put in 'canonical form'. This means that Exponent/suffix will be adjusted up or down (with a corresponding increase or decrease in Mantissa) such that: - No precision is lost - No fractional digits will be emitted - The exponent (or suffix) is as large as possible. The sign will be omitted unless the number is negative. Examples: - 1.5 will be serialized as '1500m' - 1.5Gi will be serialized as '1536Mi' Note that the quantity will NEVER be internally represented by a floating point number. That is the whole point of this exercise. Non-canonical values will still parse as long as they are well formed, but will be re-emitted in their canonical form. (So always use canonical form, or don't diff.) This format is intended to make it difficult to use these numbers without writing some sort of special handling code in the hopes that that will cause implementors to also use a fixed point implementation.
- `value` (String) Quantity is a fixed-point representation of a number. It provides convenient marshaling/unmarshaling in JSON and YAML, in addition to String() and AsInt64() accessors. The serialization format is: ''' <quantity> ::= <signedNumber><suffix> (Note that <suffix> may be empty, from the '' case in <decimalSI>.) <digit> ::= 0 | 1 | ... | 9 <digits> ::= <digit> | <digit><digits> <number> ::= <digits> | <digits>.<digits> | <digits>. | .<digits> <sign> ::= '+' | '-' <signedNumber> ::= <number> | <sign><number> <suffix> ::= <binarySI> | <decimalExponent> | <decimalSI> <binarySI> ::= Ki | Mi | Gi | Ti | Pi | Ei (International System of units; See: http://physics.nist.gov/cuu/Units/binary.html) <decimalSI> ::= m | '' | k | M | G | T | P | E (Note that 1024 = 1Ki but 1000 = 1k; I didn't choose the capitalization.) <decimalExponent> ::= 'e' <signedNumber> | 'E' <signedNumber> ''' No matter which of the three exponent forms is used, no quantity may represent a number greater than 2^63-1 in magnitude, nor may it have more than 3 decimal places. Numbers larger or more precise will be capped or rounded up. (E.g.: 0.1m will rounded up to 1m.) This may be extended in the future if we require larger or smaller quantities. When a Quantity is parsed from a string, it will remember the type of suffix it had, and will use the same type again when it is serialized. Before serializing, Quantity will be put in 'canonical form'. This means that Exponent/suffix will be adjusted up or down (with a corresponding increase or decrease in Mantissa) such that: - No precision is lost - No fractional digits will be emitted - The exponent (or suffix) is as large as possible. The sign will be omitted unless the number is negative. Examples: - 1.5 will be serialized as '1500m' - 1.5Gi will be serialized as '1536Mi' Note that the quantity will NEVER be internally represented by a floating point number. That is the whole point of this exercise. Non-canonical values will still parse as long as they are well formed, but will be re-emitted in their canonical form. (So always use canonical form, or don't diff.) This format is intended to make it difficult to use these numbers without writing some sort of special handling code in the hopes that that will cause implementors to also use a fixed point implementation.
