---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_autoscaling_k8s_io_vertical_pod_autoscaler_v1 Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "autoscaling.k8s.io"
description: |-
  VerticalPodAutoscaler is the configuration for a vertical pod autoscaler, which automatically manages pod resources based on historical and real time resource utilization.
---

# k8s_autoscaling_k8s_io_vertical_pod_autoscaler_v1 (Data Source)

VerticalPodAutoscaler is the configuration for a vertical pod autoscaler, which automatically manages pod resources based on historical and real time resource utilization.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_autoscaling_k8s_io_vertical_pod_autoscaler_v1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) The API group of the requested resource.
- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `kind` (String) The type of the requested resource.
- `spec` (Attributes) Specification of the behavior of the autoscaler. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#spec-and-status. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Read-Only:

- `recommenders` (Attributes List) Recommender responsible for generating recommendation for this object. List should be empty (then the default recommender will generate the recommendation) or contain exactly one recommender. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--recommenders))
- `resource_policy` (Attributes) Controls how the autoscaler computes recommended resources. The resource policy may be used to set constraints on the recommendations for individual containers. If not specified, the autoscaler computes recommended resources for all containers in the pod, without additional constraints. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resource_policy))
- `target_ref` (Attributes) TargetRef points to the controller managing the set of pods for the autoscaler to control - e.g. Deployment, StatefulSet. VerticalPodAutoscaler can be targeted at controller implementing scale subresource (the pod set is retrieved from the controller's ScaleStatus) or some well known controllers (e.g. for DaemonSet the pod set is read from the controller's spec). If VerticalPodAutoscaler cannot use specified target it will report ConfigUnsupported condition. Note that VerticalPodAutoscaler does not require full implementation of scale subresource - it will not use it to modify the replica count. The only thing retrieved is a label selector matching pods grouped by the target resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--target_ref))
- `update_policy` (Attributes) Describes the rules on how changes are applied to the pods. If not specified, all fields in the 'PodUpdatePolicy' are set to their default values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--update_policy))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--recommenders"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.recommenders`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the recommender responsible for generating recommendation for this object.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--resource_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resource_policy`

Read-Only:

- `container_policies` (Attributes List) Per-container resource policies. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resource_policy--container_policies))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resource_policy--container_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resource_policy.container_policies`

Read-Only:

- `container_name` (String) Name of the container or DefaultContainerResourcePolicy, in which case the policy is used by the containers that don't have their own policy specified.
- `controlled_resources` (List of String) Specifies the type of recommendations that will be computed (and possibly applied) by VPA. If not specified, the default of [ResourceCPU, ResourceMemory] will be used.
- `controlled_values` (String) Specifies which resource values should be controlled. The default is 'RequestsAndLimits'.
- `max_allowed` (Map of String) Specifies the maximum amount of resources that will be recommended for the container. The default is no maximum.
- `min_allowed` (Map of String) Specifies the minimal amount of resources that will be recommended for the container. The default is no minimum.
- `mode` (String) Whether autoscaler is enabled for the container. The default is 'Auto'.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--target_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.target_ref`

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent; More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `name` (String) Name of the referent; More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/identifiers#names


<a id="nestedatt--spec--update_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.update_policy`

Read-Only:

- `eviction_requirements` (Attributes List) EvictionRequirements is a list of EvictionRequirements that need to evaluate to true in order for a Pod to be evicted. If more than one EvictionRequirement is specified, all of them need to be fulfilled to allow eviction. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--update_policy--eviction_requirements))
- `min_replicas` (Number) Minimal number of replicas which need to be alive for Updater to attempt pod eviction (pending other checks like PDB). Only positive values are allowed. Overrides global '--min-replicas' flag.
- `update_mode` (String) Controls when autoscaler applies changes to the pod resources. The default is 'Auto'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--update_policy--eviction_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.update_policy.eviction_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `change_requirement` (String) EvictionChangeRequirement refers to the relationship between the new target recommendation for a Pod and its current requests, what kind of change is necessary for the Pod to be evicted
- `resource` (List of String) Resources is a list of one or more resources that the condition applies to. If more than one resource is given, the EvictionRequirement is fulfilled if at least one resource meets 'changeRequirement'.
