---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_awx_ansible_com_awx_backup_v1beta1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "awx.ansible.com"
description: |-
  Schema validation for the AWXBackup CRD
---

# k8s_awx_ansible_com_awx_backup_v1beta1_manifest (Data Source)

Schema validation for the AWXBackup CRD

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_awx_ansible_com_awx_backup_v1beta1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `deployment_name` (String) Name of the deployment to be backed up

Optional:

- `additional_labels` (List of String) Additional labels defined on the resource, which should be propagated to child resources
- `backup_pvc` (String) Name of the backup PVC
- `backup_pvc_namespace` (String) (Deprecated) Namespace the PVC is in
- `backup_resource_requirements` (Attributes) Resource requirements for the management pod used to create a backup (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--backup_resource_requirements))
- `backup_storage_class` (String) Storage class to use when creating PVC for backup
- `backup_storage_requirements` (String) Storage requirements for backup PVC (may be similar to existing postgres PVC backing up from)
- `clean_backup_on_delete` (Boolean) Flag to indicate if backup should be deleted on PVC if AWXBackup object is deleted
- `db_management_pod_node_selector` (String) nodeSelector for the Postgres pods to backup
- `image_pull_policy` (String) The image pull policy
- `no_log` (Boolean) Configure no_log for no_log tasks
- `pg_dump_suffix` (String) Additional parameters for the pg_dump command
- `postgres_image` (String) Registry path to the PostgreSQL container to use
- `postgres_image_version` (String) PostgreSQL container image version to use
- `postgres_label_selector` (String) Label selector used to identify postgres pod for backing up data
- `precreate_partition_hours` (Number) Number of hours worth of events table partitions to precreate before backup to avoid pg_dump locks.
- `set_self_labels` (Boolean) Maintain some of the recommended 'app.kubernetes.io/*' labels on the resource (self)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--backup_resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.backup_resource_requirements`

Optional:

- `limits` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--backup_resource_requirements--limits))
- `requests` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--backup_resource_requirements--requests))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--backup_resource_requirements--limits"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.backup_resource_requirements.limits`

Optional:

- `cpu` (String)
- `memory` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--backup_resource_requirements--requests"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.backup_resource_requirements.requests`

Optional:

- `cpu` (String)
- `memory` (String)
