---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_azure_microsoft_com_eventhub_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "azure.microsoft.com"
description: |-
  Eventhub is the Schema for the eventhubs API
---

# k8s_azure_microsoft_com_eventhub_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

Eventhub is the Schema for the eventhubs API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_azure_microsoft_com_eventhub_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) EventhubSpec defines the desired state of Eventhub (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `location` (String) INSERT ADDITIONAL SPEC FIELDS - desired state of cluster Important: Run 'make' to regenerate code after modifying this file
- `resource_group` (String)

Optional:

- `authorization_rule` (Attributes) EventhubAuthorizationRule defines the name and rights of the access policy (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--authorization_rule))
- `key_vault_to_store_secrets` (String)
- `namespace` (String)
- `properties` (Attributes) EventhubProperties defines the namespace properties (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--properties))
- `secret_name` (String) SecretName - Used to specify the name of the secret. Defaults to Event Hub name if omitted.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--authorization_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.authorization_rule`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name - Name of AuthorizationRule for eventhub
- `rights` (List of String) Rights - Rights set on the AuthorizationRule


<a id="nestedatt--spec--properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.properties`

Optional:

- `capture_description` (Attributes) CaptureDescription - Details specifying EventHub capture to persistent storage (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--properties--capture_description))
- `message_retention_in_days` (Number) MessageRetentionInDays - Number of days to retain the events for this Event Hub, value should be 1 to 7 days
- `partition_count` (Number) PartitionCount - Number of partitions created for the Event Hub, allowed values are from 2 to 32 partitions.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--properties--capture_description"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.properties.capture_description`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled - indicates whether capture is enabled

Optional:

- `destination` (Attributes) Destination - Resource id of the storage account to be used to create the blobs (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--properties--capture_description--destination))
- `interval_in_seconds` (Number) IntervalInSeconds - The time window allows you to set the frequency with which the capture to Azure Blobs will happen
- `size_limit_in_bytes` (Number) SizeLimitInBytes - The size window defines the amount of data built up in your Event Hub before an capture operation

<a id="nestedatt--spec--properties--capture_description--destination"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.properties.capture_description.destination`

Optional:

- `archive_name_format` (String) ArchiveNameFormat - Blob naming convention for archive, e.g. {Namespace}/{EventHub}/{PartitionId}/{Year}/{Month}/{Day}/{Hour}/{Minute}/{Second}. Here all the parameters (Namespace,EventHub .. etc) are mandatory irrespective of order
- `blob_container` (String) BlobContainer - Blob container Name
- `name` (String) Name - Name for capture destination
- `storage_account` (Attributes) StorageAccount - Details of the storage account (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--properties--capture_description--destination--storage_account))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--properties--capture_description--destination--storage_account"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.properties.capture_description.destination.storage_account`

Optional:

- `account_name` (String) AccountName - Name of the storage account
- `resource_group` (String) ResourceGroup - Name of the storage account resource group
