---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_azure_microsoft_com_azure_sql_database_v1beta1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "azure.microsoft.com"
description: |-
  AzureSqlDatabase is the Schema for the azuresqldatabases API
---

# k8s_azure_microsoft_com_azure_sql_database_v1beta1_manifest (Data Source)

AzureSqlDatabase is the Schema for the azuresqldatabases API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_azure_microsoft_com_azure_sql_database_v1beta1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) AzureSqlDatabaseSpec defines the desired state of AzureSqlDatabase (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `edition` (Number)
- `location` (String)
- `resource_group` (String)
- `server` (String)

Optional:

- `db_name` (String)
- `elastic_pool_id` (String)
- `max_size` (String)
- `monthly_retention` (String)
- `short_term_retention_policy` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--short_term_retention_policy))
- `sku` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--sku))
- `subscription_id` (String)
- `week_of_year` (Number)
- `weekly_retention` (String)
- `yearly_retention` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--short_term_retention_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.short_term_retention_policy`

Required:

- `retention_days` (Number) RetentionDays is the backup retention period in days. This is how many days Point-in-Time Restore will be supported.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--sku"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.sku`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name - The name of the SKU, typically, a letter + Number code, e.g. P3.

Optional:

- `capacity` (Number) Capacity - Capacity of the particular SKU.
- `family` (String) Family - If the service has different generations of hardware, for the same SKU, then that can be captured here.
- `size` (String) Size - Size of the particular SKU
- `tier` (String) optional Tier - The tier or edition of the particular SKU, e.g. Basic, Premium.
