---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_azure_microsoft_com_my_sql_server_v1alpha2_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "azure.microsoft.com"
description: |-
  MySQLServer is the Schema for the mysqlservers API
---

# k8s_azure_microsoft_com_my_sql_server_v1alpha2_manifest (Data Source)

MySQLServer is the Schema for the mysqlservers API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_azure_microsoft_com_my_sql_server_v1alpha2_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) MySQLServerSpec defines the desired state of MySQLServer (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `location` (String)
- `resource_group` (String)

Optional:

- `admin_secret` (String) AdminSecret is the name of a Kubernetes secret containing the username and password of the MySQLServer administrator account. When specified, the 'username' and 'password' fields of this secret will be included in the generated secret associated with this MySQLServer. If AdminSecret is specified but a secret with the given name is not found in the same namespace as the MySQLServer, then reconciliation will block until the secret is created. If this is not specified, a username and password will be automatically generated.
- `create_mode` (String)
- `key_vault_to_store_secrets` (String)
- `replica_properties` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--replica_properties))
- `server_version` (String) ServerVersion enumerates the values for server version.
- `sku` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--sku))
- `ssl_enforcement` (String)
- `storage_profile` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage_profile))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--replica_properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.replica_properties`

Optional:

- `source_server_id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--sku"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.sku`

Optional:

- `capacity` (Number) Capacity - The scale up/out capacity, representing server's compute units.
- `family` (String) Family - The family of hardware.
- `name` (String) Name - The name of the sku, typically, tier + family + cores, e.g. B_Gen4_1, GP_Gen5_8.
- `size` (String) Size - The size code, to be interpreted by resource as appropriate.
- `tier` (String) Tier - The tier of the particular SKU, e.g. Basic. Possible values include: 'Basic', 'GeneralPurpose', 'MemoryOptimized'


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage_profile`

Optional:

- `backup_retention_days` (Number) BackupRetentionDays - Backup retention days for the server.
- `geo_redundant_backup` (String) GeoRedundantBackup - Enable Geo-redundant or not for server backup. Possible values include: 'Enabled', 'Disabled'
- `storage_autogrow` (String) StorageAutogrow - Enable Storage Auto Grow. Possible values include: 'Enabled', 'Disabled'
- `storage_mb` (Number) StorageMB - Max storage allowed for a server.
