---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_azure_microsoft_com_key_vault_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "azure.microsoft.com"
description: |-
  KeyVault is the Schema for the keyvaults API
---

# k8s_azure_microsoft_com_key_vault_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

KeyVault is the Schema for the keyvaults API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_azure_microsoft_com_key_vault_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) KeyVaultSpec defines the desired state of KeyVault (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `location` (String)
- `resource_group` (String)

Optional:

- `access_policies` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--access_policies))
- `enable_soft_delete` (Boolean)
- `network_policies` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network_policies))
- `sku` (Attributes) KeyVaultSku the SKU of the Key Vault (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--sku))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--access_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.access_policies`

Optional:

- `application_id` (String) ApplicationID -  Application ID of the client making request on behalf of a principal
- `client_id` (String) ClientID - The client ID of a user, service principal or security group in the Azure Active Directory tenant for the vault. The client ID must be unique for the list of access policies. TODO: Remove this in a future API version, see: https://github.com/Azure/azure-service-operator/issues/1351
- `object_id` (String) ObjectID is the AAD object id of the entity to provide access to.
- `permissions` (Attributes) Permissions - Permissions the identity has for keys, secrets, and certificates. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--access_policies--permissions))
- `tenant_id` (String) TenantID - The Azure Active Directory tenant ID that should be used for authenticating requests to the key vault.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--access_policies--permissions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.access_policies.permissions`

Optional:

- `certificates` (List of String)
- `keys` (List of String)
- `secrets` (List of String)
- `storage` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--network_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network_policies`

Optional:

- `bypass` (String) Bypass - Tells what traffic can bypass network rules. This can be 'AzureServices' or 'None'.  If not specified the default is 'AzureServices'. Possible values include: 'AzureServices', 'None'
- `default_action` (String) DefaultAction - The default action when no rule from ipRules and from virtualNetworkRules match. This is only used after the bypass property has been evaluated. Possible values include: 'Allow', 'Deny'
- `ip_rules` (List of String) IPRules - The list of IP address rules.
- `virtual_network_rules` (List of String) VirtualNetworkRules - The list of virtual network rules.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--sku"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.sku`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name - The SKU name. Required for account creation; optional for update. Possible values include: 'Premium', 'Standard'
