---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_binding_operators_coreos_com_service_binding_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "binding.operators.coreos.com"
description: |-
  
---

# k8s_binding_operators_coreos_com_service_binding_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_binding_operators_coreos_com_service_binding_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
  spec = {
    application = {
      group   = "apps"
      version = "v1"
    }
    services = []
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) ServiceBindingSpec defines the desired state of ServiceBinding. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `application` (Attributes) Application identifies the application connecting to the backing service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--application))
- `services` (Attributes List) Services indicates the backing services to be connected to by an application. At least one service must be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--services))

Optional:

- `bind_as_files` (Boolean) BindAsFiles makes the binding values available as files in the application's container. By default, values are mounted under the path '/bindings'; this can be changed by setting the SERVICE_BINDING_ROOT environment variable.
- `detect_binding_resources` (Boolean) DetectBindingResources is a flag that, when set to true, will cause SBO to search for binding information in the owned resources of the specified services. If this binding information exists, then the application is bound to these subresources.
- `mappings` (Attributes List) Mappings specifies custom mappings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mappings))
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the service as projected into the workload container. Defaults to .metadata.name.
- `naming_strategy` (String) NamingStrategy defines custom string template for preparing binding names. It can be set to pre-defined strategies: 'none', 'lowercase', or 'uppercase'. Otherwise, it is treated as a custom go template, and it is handled accordingly.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--application"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.application`

Required:

- `group` (String) Group of the referent.
- `version` (String) Version of the referent.

Optional:

- `binding_path` (Attributes) BindingPath refers to the paths in the application workload's schema where the binding workload would be referenced. If BindingPath is not specified, then the default path locations are used. The default location for ContainersPath is 'spec.template.spec.containers'. If SecretPath is not specified, then the name of the secret object does not need to be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--application--binding_path))
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent.
- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label selector is a label query over a set of resources. The result of matchLabels and matchExpressions are ANDed. An empty label selector matches all objects. A null label selector matches no objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--application--label_selector))
- `name` (String) Name of the referent.
- `resource` (String) Resource of the referent.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--application--binding_path"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.application.binding_path`

Optional:

- `containers_path` (String) ContainersPath defines the path to the corev1.Containers reference. If BindingPath is not specified, the default location is 'spec.template.spec.containers'.
- `secret_path` (String) SecretPath defines the path to a string field where the name of the secret object is going to be assigned. Note: The name of the secret object is same as that of the name of service binding custom resource (metadata.name).


<a id="nestedatt--spec--application--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.application.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--application--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--application--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.application.label_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--services"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.services`

Required:

- `group` (String) Group of the referent.
- `version` (String) Version of the referent.

Optional:

- `id` (String)
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent.
- `name` (String) Name of the referent.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent. If unspecified, assumes the same namespace as ServiceBinding.
- `resource` (String) Resource of the referent.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--mappings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mappings`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of new binding.
- `value` (String) Value specificies a go template that will be rendered and injected into the application.
