---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_bitnami_com_sealed_secret_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "bitnami.com"
description: |-
  SealedSecret is the K8s representation of a 'sealed Secret' - aregular k8s Secret that has been sealed (encrypted) using thecontroller's key.
---

# k8s_bitnami_com_sealed_secret_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

SealedSecret is the K8s representation of a 'sealed Secret' - aregular k8s Secret that has been sealed (encrypted) using thecontroller's key.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_bitnami_com_sealed_secret_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) SealedSecretSpec is the specification of a SealedSecret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `encrypted_data` (Map of String)

Optional:

- `data` (String) Data is deprecated and will be removed eventually. Use per-value EncryptedData instead.
- `template` (Attributes) Template defines the structure of the Secret that will becreated from this sealed secret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template`

Optional:

- `data` (Map of String) Keys that should be templated using decrypted data.
- `immutable` (Boolean) Immutable, if set to true, ensures that data stored in the Secret cannotbe updated (only object metadata can be modified).If not set to true, the field can be modified at any time.Defaulted to nil.
- `metadata` (Attributes) Standard object's metadata.More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--metadata))
- `type` (String) Used to facilitate programmatic handling of secret data.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `finalizers` (List of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)
