---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_bmc_tinkerbell_org_job_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "bmc.tinkerbell.org"
description: |-
  Job is the Schema for the bmcjobs API.
---

# k8s_bmc_tinkerbell_org_job_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

Job is the Schema for the bmcjobs API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_bmc_tinkerbell_org_job_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) JobSpec defines the desired state of Job. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `machine_ref` (Attributes) MachineRef represents the Machine resource to execute the job. All the tasks in the job are executed for the same Machine. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--machine_ref))
- `tasks` (Attributes List) Tasks represents a list of baseboard management actions to be executed. The tasks are executed sequentially. Controller waits for one task to complete before executing the next. If a single task fails, job execution stops and sets condition Failed. Condition Completed is set only if all the tasks were successful. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tasks))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--machine_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.machine_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the Machine.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace the Machine resides in.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tasks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tasks`

Optional:

- `one_time_boot_device_action` (Attributes) OneTimeBootDeviceAction represents a baseboard management one time set boot device operation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tasks--one_time_boot_device_action))
- `power_action` (String) PowerAction represents a baseboard management power operation.
- `virtual_media_action` (Attributes) VirtualMediaAction represents a baseboard management virtual media insert/eject. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tasks--virtual_media_action))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--tasks--one_time_boot_device_action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tasks.one_time_boot_device_action`

Required:

- `device` (List of String) Devices represents the boot devices, in order for setting one time boot. Currently only the first device in the slice is used to set one time boot.

Optional:

- `efi_boot` (Boolean) EFIBoot instructs the machine to use EFI boot.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tasks--virtual_media_action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tasks.virtual_media_action`

Required:

- `kind` (String)

Optional:

- `media_url` (String) mediaURL represents the URL of the image to be inserted into the virtual media, or empty to eject media.
