---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_bmc_tinkerbell_org_task_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "bmc.tinkerbell.org"
description: |-
  Task is the Schema for the Task API.
---

# k8s_bmc_tinkerbell_org_task_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

Task is the Schema for the Task API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_bmc_tinkerbell_org_task_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) TaskSpec defines the desired state of Task. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `task` (Attributes) Task defines the specific action to be performed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--task))

Optional:

- `connection` (Attributes) Connection represents the Machine connectivity information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--connection))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--task"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.task`

Optional:

- `one_time_boot_device_action` (Attributes) OneTimeBootDeviceAction represents a baseboard management one time set boot device operation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--task--one_time_boot_device_action))
- `power_action` (String) PowerAction represents a baseboard management power operation.
- `virtual_media_action` (Attributes) VirtualMediaAction represents a baseboard management virtual media insert/eject. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--task--virtual_media_action))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--task--one_time_boot_device_action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.task.one_time_boot_device_action`

Required:

- `device` (List of String) Devices represents the boot devices, in order for setting one time boot.Currently only the first device in the slice is used to set one time boot.

Optional:

- `efi_boot` (Boolean) EFIBoot instructs the machine to use EFI boot.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--task--virtual_media_action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.task.virtual_media_action`

Required:

- `kind` (String)

Optional:

- `media_url` (String) mediaURL represents the URL of the image to be inserted into the virtual media, or empty toeject media.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--connection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.connection`

Required:

- `host` (String) Host is the host IP address or hostname of the Machine.
- `insecure_tls` (Boolean) InsecureTLS specifies trusted TLS connections.

Optional:

- `auth_secret_ref` (Attributes) AuthSecretRef is the SecretReference that contains authentication information of the Machine.The Secret must contain username and password keys. This is optional as it is not required when usingthe RPC provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--connection--auth_secret_ref))
- `port` (Number) Port is the port number for connecting with the Machine.
- `provider_options` (Attributes) ProviderOptions contains provider specific options. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--connection--provider_options))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--connection--auth_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.connection.auth_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) name is unique within a namespace to reference a secret resource.
- `namespace` (String) namespace defines the space within which the secret name must be unique.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--connection--provider_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.connection.provider_options`

Optional:

- `intel_amt` (Attributes) IntelAMT contains the options to customize the IntelAMT provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--connection--provider_options--intel_amt))
- `ipmitool` (Attributes) IPMITOOL contains the options to customize the Ipmitool provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--connection--provider_options--ipmitool))
- `redfish` (Attributes) Redfish contains the options to customize the Redfish provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--connection--provider_options--redfish))
- `rpc` (Attributes) RPC contains the options to customize the RPC provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--connection--provider_options--rpc))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--connection--provider_options--intel_amt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.connection.provider_options.intel_amt`

Required:

- `port` (Number) Port that intelAMT will use for calls.

Optional:

- `host_scheme` (String) HostScheme determines whether to use http or https for intelAMT calls.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--connection--provider_options--ipmitool"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.connection.provider_options.ipmitool`

Optional:

- `cipher_suite` (String) CipherSuite that ipmitool will use for calls.
- `port` (Number) Port that ipmitool will use for calls.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--connection--provider_options--redfish"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.connection.provider_options.redfish`

Required:

- `port` (Number) Port that redfish will use for calls.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--connection--provider_options--rpc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.connection.provider_options.rpc`

Required:

- `consumer_url` (String) ConsumerURL is the URL where an rpc consumer/listener is runningand to which we will send and receive all notifications.

Optional:

- `experimental` (Attributes) Experimental options. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--connection--provider_options--rpc--experimental))
- `hmac` (Attributes) HMAC is the options used to create a HMAC signature. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--connection--provider_options--rpc--hmac))
- `log_notifications_disabled` (Boolean) LogNotificationsDisabled determines whether responses from rpc consumer/listeners will be logged or not.
- `request` (Attributes) Request is the options used to create the rpc HTTP request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--connection--provider_options--rpc--request))
- `signature` (Attributes) Signature is the options used for adding an HMAC signature to an HTTP request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--connection--provider_options--rpc--signature))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--connection--provider_options--rpc--experimental"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.connection.provider_options.rpc.experimental`

Optional:

- `custom_request_payload` (String) CustomRequestPayload must be in json.
- `dot_path` (String) DotPath is the path to the json object where the bmclib RequestPayload{} struct will be embedded. For example: object.data.body


<a id="nestedatt--spec--connection--provider_options--rpc--hmac"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.connection.provider_options.rpc.hmac`

Optional:

- `prefix_sig_disabled` (Boolean) PrefixSigDisabled determines whether the algorithm will be prefixed to the signature. Example: sha256=abc123
- `secrets` (Map of String) Secrets are a map of algorithms to secrets used for signing.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--connection--provider_options--rpc--request"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.connection.provider_options.rpc.request`

Optional:

- `http_content_type` (String) HTTPContentType is the content type to use for the rpc request notification.
- `http_method` (String) HTTPMethod is the HTTP method to use for the rpc request notification.
- `static_headers` (Map of List of String) StaticHeaders are predefined headers that will be added to every request.
- `timestamp_format` (String) TimestampFormat is the time format for the timestamp header.
- `timestamp_header` (String) TimestampHeader is the header name that should contain the timestamp. Example: X-BMCLIB-Timestamp


<a id="nestedatt--spec--connection--provider_options--rpc--signature"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.connection.provider_options.rpc.signature`

Optional:

- `append_algo_to_header_disabled` (Boolean) AppendAlgoToHeaderDisabled decides whether to append the algorithm to the signature header or not.Example: X-BMCLIB-Signature becomes X-BMCLIB-Signature-256When set to true, a header will be added for each algorithm. Example: X-BMCLIB-Signature-256 and X-BMCLIB-Signature-512
- `header_name` (String) HeaderName is the header name that should contain the signature(s). Example: X-BMCLIB-Signature
- `included_payload_headers` (List of String) IncludedPayloadHeaders are headers whose values will be included in the signature payload. Example: X-BMCLIB-My-Custom-HeaderAll headers will be deduplicated.
