---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_bpfman_io_uprobe_program_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "bpfman.io"
description: |-
  UprobeProgram is the Schema for the UprobePrograms API
---

# k8s_bpfman_io_uprobe_program_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

UprobeProgram is the Schema for the UprobePrograms API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_bpfman_io_uprobe_program_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) UprobeProgramSpec defines the desired state of UprobeProgram (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `bpffunctionname` (String) BpfFunctionName is the name of the function that is the entry point for the BPF program
- `bytecode` (Attributes) Bytecode configures where the bpf program's bytecode should be loaded from. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--bytecode))
- `nodeselector` (Attributes) NodeSelector allows the user to specify which nodes to deploy the bpf program to. This field must be specified, to select all nodes use standard metav1.LabelSelector semantics and make it empty. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--nodeselector))
- `target` (String) Library name or the absolute path to a binary or library.

Optional:

- `containers` (Attributes) Containers identifes the set of containers in which to attach the uprobe. If Containers is not specified, the uprobe will be attached in the bpfman-agent container. The ContainerSelector is very flexible and even allows the selection of all containers in a cluster. If an attempt is made to attach uprobes to too many containers, it can have a negative impact on on the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--containers))
- `func_name` (String) Function to attach the uprobe to.
- `globaldata` (Map of String) GlobalData allows the user to to set global variables when the program is loaded with an array of raw bytes. This is a very low level primitive. The caller is responsible for formatting the byte string appropriately considering such things as size, endianness, alignment and packing of data structures.
- `mapownerselector` (Attributes) MapOwnerSelector is used to select the loaded eBPF program this eBPF program will share a map with. The value is a label applied to the BpfProgram to select. The selector must resolve to exactly one instance of a BpfProgram on a given node or the eBPF program will not load. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mapownerselector))
- `offset` (Number) Offset added to the address of the function for uprobe.
- `pid` (Number) Only execute uprobe for given process identification number (PID). If PID is not provided, uprobe executes for all PIDs.
- `retprobe` (Boolean) Whether the program is a uretprobe. Default is false

<a id="nestedatt--spec--bytecode"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.bytecode`

Optional:

- `image` (Attributes) Image used to specify a bytecode container image. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--bytecode--image))
- `path` (String) Path is used to specify a bytecode object via filepath.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--bytecode--image"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.bytecode.image`

Required:

- `url` (String) Valid container image URL used to reference a remote bytecode image.

Optional:

- `imagepullpolicy` (String) PullPolicy describes a policy for if/when to pull a bytecode image. Defaults to IfNotPresent.
- `imagepullsecret` (Attributes) ImagePullSecret is the name of the secret bpfman should use to get remote image repository secrets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--bytecode--image--imagepullsecret))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--bytecode--image--imagepullsecret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.bytecode.image.imagepullsecret`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the secret which contains the credentials to access the image repository.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the secret which contains the credentials to access the image repository.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--nodeselector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.nodeselector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--nodeselector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--nodeselector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.nodeselector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--containers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.containers`

Required:

- `pods` (Attributes) Target pods. This field must be specified, to select all pods use standard metav1.LabelSelector semantics and make it empty. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--containers--pods))

Optional:

- `containernames` (List of String) Name(s) of container(s). If none are specified, all containers in the pod are selected.
- `namespace` (String) Target namespaces.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--containers--pods"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.containers.pods`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--containers--pods--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--containers--pods--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.containers.pods.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--mapownerselector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mapownerselector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mapownerselector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--mapownerselector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mapownerselector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.
