---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_camel_apache_org_integration_profile_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "camel.apache.org"
description: |-
  IntegrationProfile is the resource used to apply user defined settings to the Camel K operator behavior. It defines the behavior of all Custom Resources ('IntegrationKit', 'Integration', 'Kamelet') in the given namespace.
---

# k8s_camel_apache_org_integration_profile_v1_manifest (Data Source)

IntegrationProfile is the resource used to apply user defined settings to the Camel K operator behavior. It defines the behavior of all Custom Resources ('IntegrationKit', 'Integration', 'Kamelet') in the given namespace.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_camel_apache_org_integration_profile_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) IntegrationProfileSpec applies user defined settings to the IntegrationProfile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `build` (Attributes) specify how to build the Integration/IntegrationKits (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--build))
- `kamelet` (Attributes) configuration to be executed to all Kamelets controlled by this IntegrationProfile (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--kamelet))
- `traits` (Attributes) list of traits to be executed for all the Integration/IntegrationKits built from this IntegrationProfile (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--traits))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--build"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.build`

Optional:

- `base_image` (String) a base image that can be used as base layer for all images. It can be useful if you want to provide some custom base image with further utility software
- `maven` (Attributes) Maven configuration used to build the Camel/Camel-Quarkus applications (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--build--maven))
- `registry` (Attributes) the image registry used to push/pull Integration images (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--build--registry))
- `runtime_provider` (String) the runtime used. Likely Camel Quarkus (we used to have main runtime which has been discontinued since version 1.5)
- `runtime_version` (String) the Camel K Runtime dependency version
- `timeout` (String) how much time to wait before time out the pipeline process

<a id="nestedatt--spec--build--maven"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.build.maven`

Optional:

- `ca_secrets` (Attributes List) The Secrets name and key, containing the CA certificate(s) used to connect to remote Maven repositories. It can contain X.509 certificates, and PKCS#7 formatted certificate chains. A JKS formatted keystore is automatically created to store the CA certificate(s), and configured to be used as a trusted certificate(s) by the Maven commands. Note that the root CA certificates are also imported into the created keystore. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--build--maven--ca_secrets))
- `cli_options` (List of String) The CLI options that are appended to the list of arguments for Maven commands, e.g., '-V,--no-transfer-progress,-Dstyle.color=never'. See https://maven.apache.org/ref/3.8.4/maven-embedder/cli.html.
- `extension` (Attributes List) The Maven build extensions. See https://maven.apache.org/guides/mini/guide-using-extensions.html. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--build--maven--extension))
- `local_repository` (String) The path of the local Maven repository.
- `profiles` (Attributes List) A reference to the ConfigMap or Secret key that contains the Maven profile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--build--maven--profiles))
- `properties` (Map of String) The Maven properties.
- `settings` (Attributes) A reference to the ConfigMap or Secret key that contains the Maven settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--build--maven--settings))
- `settings_security` (Attributes) A reference to the ConfigMap or Secret key that contains the security of the Maven settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--build--maven--settings_security))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--build--maven--ca_secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.build.maven.ca_secrets`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--build--maven--extension"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.build.maven.extension`

Required:

- `artifact_id` (String) Maven Artifact
- `group_id` (String) Maven Group

Optional:

- `classifier` (String) Maven Classifier
- `type` (String) Maven Type
- `version` (String) Maven Version


<a id="nestedatt--spec--build--maven--profiles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.build.maven.profiles`

Optional:

- `config_map_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a ConfigMap. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--build--maven--profiles--config_map_key_ref))
- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a secret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--build--maven--profiles--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--build--maven--profiles--config_map_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.build.maven.profiles.config_map_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key to select.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the ConfigMap or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--build--maven--profiles--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.build.maven.profiles.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined



<a id="nestedatt--spec--build--maven--settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.build.maven.settings`

Optional:

- `config_map_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a ConfigMap. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--build--maven--settings--config_map_key_ref))
- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a secret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--build--maven--settings--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--build--maven--settings--config_map_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.build.maven.settings.config_map_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key to select.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the ConfigMap or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--build--maven--settings--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.build.maven.settings.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined



<a id="nestedatt--spec--build--maven--settings_security"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.build.maven.settings_security`

Optional:

- `config_map_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a ConfigMap. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--build--maven--settings_security--config_map_key_ref))
- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a secret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--build--maven--settings_security--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--build--maven--settings_security--config_map_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.build.maven.settings_security.config_map_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key to select.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the ConfigMap or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--build--maven--settings_security--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.build.maven.settings_security.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined




<a id="nestedatt--spec--build--registry"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.build.registry`

Optional:

- `address` (String) the URI to access
- `ca` (String) the configmap which stores the Certificate Authority
- `insecure` (Boolean) if the container registry is insecure (ie, http only)
- `organization` (String) the registry organization
- `secret` (String) the secret where credentials are stored



<a id="nestedatt--spec--kamelet"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.kamelet`

Optional:

- `repositories` (Attributes List) remote repository used to retrieve Kamelet catalog (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--kamelet--repositories))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--kamelet--repositories"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.kamelet.repositories`

Optional:

- `uri` (String) the remote repository in the format github:ORG/REPO/PATH_TO_KAMELETS_FOLDER



<a id="nestedatt--spec--traits"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.traits`

Optional:

- `addons` (Map of String) The extension point with addon traits
- `affinity` (Attributes) The configuration of Affinity trait (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--traits--affinity))
- `builder` (Attributes) The configuration of Builder trait (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--traits--builder))
- `camel` (Attributes) The configuration of Camel trait (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--traits--camel))
- `container` (Attributes) The configuration of Container trait (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--traits--container))
- `cron` (Attributes) The configuration of Cron trait (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--traits--cron))
- `dependencies` (Attributes) The configuration of Dependencies trait (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--traits--dependencies))
- `deployer` (Attributes) The configuration of Deployer trait (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--traits--deployer))
- `deployment` (Attributes) The configuration of Deployment trait (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--traits--deployment))
- `environment` (Attributes) The configuration of Environment trait (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--traits--environment))
- `error_handler` (Attributes) The configuration of Error Handler trait (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--traits--error_handler))
- `gc` (Attributes) The configuration of GC trait (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--traits--gc))
- `health` (Attributes) The configuration of Health trait (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--traits--health))
- `ingress` (Attributes) The configuration of Ingress trait (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--traits--ingress))
- `istio` (Attributes) The configuration of Istio trait (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--traits--istio))
- `jolokia` (Attributes) The configuration of Jolokia trait (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--traits--jolokia))
- `jvm` (Attributes) The configuration of JVM trait (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--traits--jvm))
- `kamelets` (Attributes) The configuration of Kamelets trait (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--traits--kamelets))
- `keda` (Attributes) Deprecated: for backward compatibility. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--traits--keda))
- `knative` (Attributes) The configuration of Knative trait (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--traits--knative))
- `knative_service` (Attributes) The configuration of Knative Service trait (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--traits--knative_service))
- `logging` (Attributes) The configuration of Logging trait (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--traits--logging))
- `master` (Attributes) Deprecated: for backward compatibility. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--traits--master))
- `mount` (Attributes) The configuration of Mount trait (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--traits--mount))
- `openapi` (Attributes) The configuration of OpenAPI trait (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--traits--openapi))
- `owner` (Attributes) The configuration of Owner trait (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--traits--owner))
- `pdb` (Attributes) The configuration of PDB trait (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--traits--pdb))
- `platform` (Attributes) The configuration of Platform trait (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--traits--platform))
- `pod` (Attributes) The configuration of Pod trait (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--traits--pod))
- `prometheus` (Attributes) The configuration of Prometheus trait (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--traits--prometheus))
- `pull_secret` (Attributes) The configuration of Pull Secret trait (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--traits--pull_secret))
- `quarkus` (Attributes) The configuration of Quarkus trait (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--traits--quarkus))
- `registry` (Attributes) The configuration of Registry trait Deprecated: use jvm trait or read documentation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--traits--registry))
- `route` (Attributes) The configuration of Route trait (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--traits--route))
- `security_context` (Attributes) The configuration of Security Context trait (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--traits--security_context))
- `service` (Attributes) The configuration of Service trait (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--traits--service))
- `service_binding` (Attributes) The configuration of Service Binding trait (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--traits--service_binding))
- `strimzi` (Attributes) Deprecated: for backward compatibility. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--traits--strimzi))
- `threescale` (Attributes) Deprecated: for backward compatibility. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--traits--threescale))
- `toleration` (Attributes) The configuration of Toleration trait (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--traits--toleration))
- `tracing` (Attributes) Deprecated: for backward compatibility. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--traits--tracing))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--traits--affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.traits.affinity`

Optional:

- `configuration` (Map of String) Legacy trait configuration parameters. Deprecated: for backward compatibility.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Can be used to enable or disable a trait. All traits share this common property.
- `node_affinity_labels` (List of String) Defines a set of nodes the integration pod(s) are eligible to be scheduled on, based on labels on the node.
- `pod_affinity` (Boolean) Always co-locates multiple replicas of the integration in the same node (default 'false').
- `pod_affinity_labels` (List of String) Defines a set of pods (namely those matching the label selector, relative to the given namespace) that the integration pod(s) should be co-located with.
- `pod_anti_affinity` (Boolean) Never co-locates multiple replicas of the integration in the same node (default 'false').
- `pod_anti_affinity_labels` (List of String) Defines a set of pods (namely those matching the label selector, relative to the given namespace) that the integration pod(s) should not be co-located with.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--traits--builder"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.traits.builder`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) When using 'pod' strategy, annotation to use for the builder pod.
- `base_image` (String) Specify a base image. In order to have the application working properly it must be a container image which has a Java JDK installed and ready to use on path (ie '/usr/bin/java').
- `configuration` (Map of String) Legacy trait configuration parameters. Deprecated: for backward compatibility.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Deprecated: no longer in use.
- `incremental_image_build` (Boolean) Use the incremental image build option, to reuse existing containers (default 'true')
- `limit_cpu` (String) When using 'pod' strategy, the maximum amount of CPU required by the pod builder. Deprecated: use TasksRequestCPU instead with task name 'builder'.
- `limit_memory` (String) When using 'pod' strategy, the maximum amount of memory required by the pod builder. Deprecated: use TasksRequestCPU instead with task name 'builder'.
- `maven_profiles` (List of String) A list of references pointing to configmaps/secrets that contains a maven profile. This configmap/secret is a resource of the IntegrationKit created, therefore it needs to be present in the namespace where the operator is going to create the IntegrationKit. The content of the maven profile is expected to be a text containing a valid maven profile starting with '<profile>' and ending with '</profile>' that will be integrated as an inline profile in the POM. Syntax: [configmap|secret]:name[/key], where name represents the resource name, key optionally represents the resource key to be filtered (default key value = profile.xml).
- `node_selector` (Map of String) Defines a set of nodes the builder pod is eligible to be scheduled on, based on labels on the node.
- `order_strategy` (String) The build order strategy to use, either 'dependencies', 'fifo' or 'sequential' (default 'sequential')
- `platforms` (List of String) The list of manifest platforms to use to build a container image (default 'linux/amd64').
- `properties` (List of String) A list of properties to be provided to the build task
- `request_cpu` (String) When using 'pod' strategy, the minimum amount of CPU required by the pod builder. Deprecated: use TasksRequestCPU instead with task name 'builder'.
- `request_memory` (String) When using 'pod' strategy, the minimum amount of memory required by the pod builder. Deprecated: use TasksRequestCPU instead with task name 'builder'.
- `strategy` (String) The strategy to use, either 'pod' or 'routine' (default 'routine')
- `tasks` (List of String) A list of tasks to be executed (available only when using 'pod' strategy) with format '<name>;<container-image>;<container-command>'.
- `tasks_filter` (String) A list of tasks sorted by the order of execution in a csv format, ie, '<taskName1>,<taskName2>,...'. Mind that you must include also the operator tasks ('builder', 'quarkus-native', 'package', 'jib', 's2i') if you need to execute them. Useful only with 'pod' strategy.
- `tasks_limit_cpu` (List of String) A list of limit cpu configuration for the specific task with format '<task-name>:<limit-cpu-conf>'.
- `tasks_limit_memory` (List of String) A list of limit memory configuration for the specific task with format '<task-name>:<limit-memory-conf>'.
- `tasks_request_cpu` (List of String) A list of request cpu configuration for the specific task with format '<task-name>:<request-cpu-conf>'.
- `tasks_request_memory` (List of String) A list of request memory configuration for the specific task with format '<task-name>:<request-memory-conf>'.
- `verbose` (Boolean) Enable verbose logging on build components that support it (e.g. Kaniko build pod). Deprecated no longer in use


<a id="nestedatt--spec--traits--camel"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.traits.camel`

Optional:

- `configuration` (Map of String) Legacy trait configuration parameters. Deprecated: for backward compatibility.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Deprecated: no longer in use.
- `properties` (List of String) A list of properties to be provided to the Integration runtime
- `runtime_version` (String) The camel-k-runtime version to use for the integration. It overrides the default version set in the Integration Platform. You can use a fixed version (for example '3.2.3') or a semantic version (for example '3.x') which will try to resolve to the best matching Catalog existing on the cluster.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--traits--container"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.traits.container`

Optional:

- `allow_privilege_escalation` (Boolean) Security Context AllowPrivilegeEscalation configuration (default false).
- `auto` (Boolean) To automatically enable the trait
- `capabilities_add` (List of String) Security Context Capabilities Add configuration (default none).
- `capabilities_drop` (List of String) Security Context Capabilities Drop configuration (default ALL).
- `configuration` (Map of String) Legacy trait configuration parameters. Deprecated: for backward compatibility.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Deprecated: no longer in use.
- `expose` (Boolean) Can be used to enable/disable exposure via kubernetes Service.
- `image` (String) The main container image to use for the Integration. When using this parameter the operator will create a synthetic IntegrationKit which won't be able to execute traits requiring CamelCatalog. If the container image you're using is coming from an IntegrationKit, use instead Integration '.spec.integrationKit' parameter. If you're moving the Integration across environments, you will also need to create an 'external' IntegrationKit.
- `image_pull_policy` (String) The pull policy: Always|Never|IfNotPresent
- `limit_cpu` (String) The maximum amount of CPU to be provided (default 500 millicores).
- `limit_memory` (String) The maximum amount of memory to be provided (default 512 Mi).
- `name` (String) The main container name. It's named 'integration' by default.
- `port` (Number) To configure a different port exposed by the container (default '8080').
- `port_name` (String) To configure a different port name for the port exposed by the container. It defaults to 'http' only when the 'expose' parameter is true.
- `request_cpu` (String) The minimum amount of CPU required (default 125 millicores).
- `request_memory` (String) The minimum amount of memory required (default 128 Mi).
- `run_as_non_root` (Boolean) Security Context RunAsNonRoot configuration (default false).
- `run_as_user` (Number) Security Context RunAsUser configuration (default none): this value is automatically retrieved in Openshift clusters when not explicitly set.
- `seccomp_profile_type` (String) Security Context SeccompProfileType configuration (default RuntimeDefault).
- `service_port` (Number) To configure under which service port the container port is to be exposed (default '80').
- `service_port_name` (String) To configure under which service port name the container port is to be exposed (default 'http').


<a id="nestedatt--spec--traits--cron"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.traits.cron`

Optional:

- `active_deadline_seconds` (Number) Specifies the duration in seconds, relative to the start time, that the job may be continuously active before it is considered to be failed. It defaults to 60s.
- `auto` (Boolean) Automatically deploy the integration as CronJob when all routes are either starting from a periodic consumer (only 'cron', 'timer' and 'quartz' are supported) or a passive consumer (e.g. 'direct' is a passive consumer).  It's required that all periodic consumers have the same period, and it can be expressed as cron schedule (e.g. '1m' can be expressed as '0/1 * * * *', while '35m' or '50s' cannot).
- `backoff_limit` (Number) Specifies the number of retries before marking the job failed. It defaults to 2.
- `components` (String) A comma separated list of the Camel components that need to be customized in order for them to work when the schedule is triggered externally by Kubernetes. A specific customizer is activated for each specified component. E.g. for the 'timer' component, the 'cron-timer' customizer is activated (it's present in the 'org.apache.camel.k:camel-k-cron' library).  Supported components are currently: 'cron', 'timer' and 'quartz'.
- `concurrency_policy` (String) Specifies how to treat concurrent executions of a Job. Valid values are: - 'Allow': allows CronJobs to run concurrently; - 'Forbid' (default): forbids concurrent runs, skipping next run if previous run hasn't finished yet; - 'Replace': cancels currently running job and replaces it with a new one
- `configuration` (Map of String) Legacy trait configuration parameters. Deprecated: for backward compatibility.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Can be used to enable or disable a trait. All traits share this common property.
- `fallback` (Boolean) Use the default Camel implementation of the 'cron' endpoint ('quartz') instead of trying to materialize the integration as Kubernetes CronJob.
- `schedule` (String) The CronJob schedule for the whole integration. If multiple routes are declared, they must have the same schedule for this mechanism to work correctly.
- `starting_deadline_seconds` (Number) Optional deadline in seconds for starting the job if it misses scheduled time for any reason.  Missed jobs executions will be counted as failed ones.
- `time_zone` (String) The timezone that the CronJob will run on


<a id="nestedatt--spec--traits--dependencies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.traits.dependencies`

Optional:

- `configuration` (Map of String) Legacy trait configuration parameters. Deprecated: for backward compatibility.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Deprecated: no longer in use.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--traits--deployer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.traits.deployer`

Optional:

- `configuration` (Map of String) Legacy trait configuration parameters. Deprecated: for backward compatibility.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Deprecated: no longer in use.
- `kind` (String) Allows to explicitly select the desired deployment kind between 'deployment', 'cron-job' or 'knative-service' when creating the resources for running the integration.
- `use_ssa` (Boolean) Use server-side apply to update the owned resources (default 'true'). Note that it automatically falls back to client-side patching, if SSA is not available, e.g., on old Kubernetes clusters.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--traits--deployment"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.traits.deployment`

Optional:

- `configuration` (Map of String) Legacy trait configuration parameters. Deprecated: for backward compatibility.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Deprecated: no longer in use.
- `progress_deadline_seconds` (Number) The maximum time in seconds for the deployment to make progress before it is considered to be failed. It defaults to '60s'.
- `rolling_update_max_surge` (String) The maximum number of pods that can be scheduled above the desired number of pods. Value can be an absolute number (ex: 5) or a percentage of desired pods (ex: 10%). This can not be 0 if MaxUnavailable is 0. Absolute number is calculated from percentage by rounding up. Defaults to '25%'.
- `rolling_update_max_unavailable` (String) The maximum number of pods that can be unavailable during the update. Value can be an absolute number (ex: 5) or a percentage of desired pods (ex: 10%). Absolute number is calculated from percentage by rounding down. This can not be 0 if MaxSurge is 0. Defaults to '25%'.
- `strategy` (String) The deployment strategy to use to replace existing pods with new ones.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--traits--environment"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.traits.environment`

Optional:

- `configuration` (Map of String) Legacy trait configuration parameters. Deprecated: for backward compatibility.
- `container_meta` (Boolean) Enables injection of 'NAMESPACE' and 'POD_NAME' environment variables (default 'true')
- `enabled` (Boolean) Deprecated: no longer in use.
- `http_proxy` (Boolean) Propagates the 'HTTP_PROXY', 'HTTPS_PROXY' and 'NO_PROXY' environment variables (default 'true')
- `vars` (List of String) A list of environment variables to be added to the integration container. The syntax is KEY=VALUE, e.g., 'MY_VAR='my value''. These take precedence over the previously defined environment variables.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--traits--error_handler"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.traits.error_handler`

Optional:

- `configuration` (Map of String) Legacy trait configuration parameters. Deprecated: for backward compatibility.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Deprecated: no longer in use.
- `ref` (String) The error handler ref name provided or found in application properties


<a id="nestedatt--spec--traits--gc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.traits.gc`

Optional:

- `configuration` (Map of String) Legacy trait configuration parameters. Deprecated: for backward compatibility.
- `discovery_cache` (String) Discovery client cache to be used, either 'disabled', 'disk' or 'memory' (default 'memory'). Deprecated: to be removed from trait configuration.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Can be used to enable or disable a trait. All traits share this common property.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--traits--health"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.traits.health`

Optional:

- `configuration` (Map of String) Legacy trait configuration parameters. Deprecated: for backward compatibility.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Can be used to enable or disable a trait. All traits share this common property.
- `liveness_failure_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive failures for the liveness probe to be considered failed after having succeeded.
- `liveness_initial_delay` (Number) Number of seconds after the container has started before the liveness probe is initiated.
- `liveness_period` (Number) How often to perform the liveness probe.
- `liveness_probe` (String) The liveness probe path to use (default provided by the Catalog runtime used).
- `liveness_probe_enabled` (Boolean) Configures the liveness probe for the integration container (default 'false').
- `liveness_scheme` (String) Scheme to use when connecting to the liveness probe (default 'HTTP').
- `liveness_success_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive successes for the liveness probe to be considered successful after having failed.
- `liveness_timeout` (Number) Number of seconds after which the liveness probe times out.
- `readiness_failure_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive failures for the readiness probe to be considered failed after having succeeded.
- `readiness_initial_delay` (Number) Number of seconds after the container has started before the readiness probe is initiated.
- `readiness_period` (Number) How often to perform the readiness probe.
- `readiness_probe` (String) The readiness probe path to use (default provided by the Catalog runtime used).
- `readiness_probe_enabled` (Boolean) Configures the readiness probe for the integration container (default 'true').
- `readiness_scheme` (String) Scheme to use when connecting to the readiness probe (default 'HTTP').
- `readiness_success_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive successes for the readiness probe to be considered successful after having failed.
- `readiness_timeout` (Number) Number of seconds after which the readiness probe times out.
- `startup_failure_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive failures for the startup probe to be considered failed after having succeeded.
- `startup_initial_delay` (Number) Number of seconds after the container has started before the startup probe is initiated.
- `startup_period` (Number) How often to perform the startup probe.
- `startup_probe` (String) The startup probe path to use (default provided by the Catalog runtime used).
- `startup_probe_enabled` (Boolean) Configures the startup probe for the integration container (default 'false').
- `startup_scheme` (String) Scheme to use when connecting to the startup probe (default 'HTTP').
- `startup_success_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive successes for the startup probe to be considered successful after having failed.
- `startup_timeout` (Number) Number of seconds after which the startup probe times out.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--traits--ingress"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.traits.ingress`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) The annotations added to the ingress. This can be used to set controller specific annotations, e.g., when using the NGINX Ingress controller: See https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx/blob/main/docs/user-guide/nginx-configuration/annotations.md
- `auto` (Boolean) To automatically add an ingress whenever the integration uses an HTTP endpoint consumer.
- `configuration` (Map of String) Legacy trait configuration parameters. Deprecated: for backward compatibility.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Can be used to enable or disable a trait. All traits share this common property.
- `host` (String) To configure the host exposed by the ingress.
- `path` (String) To configure the path exposed by the ingress (default '/').
- `path_type` (String) To configure the path type exposed by the ingress. One of 'Exact', 'Prefix', 'ImplementationSpecific' (default to 'Prefix').
- `tls_hosts` (List of String) To configure tls hosts
- `tls_secret_name` (String) To configure tls secret name


<a id="nestedatt--spec--traits--istio"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.traits.istio`

Optional:

- `allow` (String) Configures a (comma-separated) list of CIDR subnets that should not be intercepted by the Istio proxy ('10.0.0.0/8,172.16.0.0/12,192.168.0.0/16' by default).
- `configuration` (Map of String) Legacy trait configuration parameters. Deprecated: for backward compatibility.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Can be used to enable or disable a trait. All traits share this common property.
- `inject` (Boolean) Forces the value for labels 'sidecar.istio.io/inject'. By default the label is set to 'true' on deployment and not set on Knative Service.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--traits--jolokia"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.traits.jolokia`

Optional:

- `ca_cert` (String) The PEM encoded CA certification file path, used to verify client certificates, applicable when 'protocol' is 'https' and 'use-ssl-client-authentication' is 'true' (default '/var/run/secrets/kubernetes.io/serviceaccount/service-ca.crt' for OpenShift).
- `client_principal` (List of String) The principal(s) which must be given in a client certificate to allow access to the Jolokia endpoint, applicable when 'protocol' is 'https' and 'use-ssl-client-authentication' is 'true' (default 'clientPrincipal=cn=system:master-proxy', 'cn=hawtio-online.hawtio.svc' and 'cn=fuse-console.fuse.svc' for OpenShift).
- `configuration` (Map of String) Legacy trait configuration parameters. Deprecated: for backward compatibility.
- `discovery_enabled` (Boolean) Listen for multicast requests (default 'false')
- `enabled` (Boolean) Can be used to enable or disable a trait. All traits share this common property.
- `extended_client_check` (Boolean) Mandate the client certificate contains a client flag in the extended key usage section, applicable when 'protocol' is 'https' and 'use-ssl-client-authentication' is 'true' (default 'true' for OpenShift).
- `host` (String) The Host address to which the Jolokia agent should bind to. If ''*'' or ''0.0.0.0'' is given, the servers binds to every network interface (default ''*'').
- `options` (List of String) A list of additional Jolokia options as defined in https://jolokia.org/reference/html/agents.html#agent-jvm-config[JVM agent configuration options]
- `password` (String) The password used for authentication, applicable when the 'user' option is set.
- `port` (Number) The Jolokia endpoint port (default '8778').
- `protocol` (String) The protocol to use, either 'http' or 'https' (default 'https' for OpenShift)
- `use_ssl_client_authentication` (Boolean) Whether client certificates should be used for authentication (default 'true' for OpenShift).
- `user` (String) The user to be used for authentication


<a id="nestedatt--spec--traits--jvm"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.traits.jvm`

Optional:

- `classpath` (String) Additional JVM classpath (use 'Linux' classpath separator)
- `configuration` (Map of String) Legacy trait configuration parameters. Deprecated: for backward compatibility.
- `debug` (Boolean) Activates remote debugging, so that a debugger can be attached to the JVM, e.g., using port-forwarding
- `debug_address` (String) Transport address at which to listen for the newly launched JVM (default '*:5005')
- `debug_suspend` (Boolean) Suspends the target JVM immediately before the main class is loaded
- `enabled` (Boolean) Can be used to enable or disable a trait. All traits share this common property.
- `jar` (String) The Jar dependency which will run the application. Leave it empty for managed Integrations.
- `options` (List of String) A list of JVM options
- `print_command` (Boolean) Prints the command used the start the JVM in the container logs (default 'true') Deprecated: no longer in use.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--traits--kamelets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.traits.kamelets`

Optional:

- `auto` (Boolean) Automatically inject all referenced Kamelets and their default configuration (enabled by default)
- `configuration` (Map of String) Legacy trait configuration parameters. Deprecated: for backward compatibility.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Can be used to enable or disable a trait. All traits share this common property.
- `list` (String) Comma separated list of Kamelet names to load into the current integration
- `mount_point` (String) The directory where the application mounts and reads Kamelet spec (default '/etc/camel/kamelets')


<a id="nestedatt--spec--traits--keda"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.traits.keda`

Required:

- `configuration` (Map of String) TraitConfiguration parameters configuration


<a id="nestedatt--spec--traits--knative"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.traits.knative`

Optional:

- `auto` (Boolean) Enable automatic discovery of all trait properties.
- `channel_sinks` (List of String) List of channels used as destination of integration routes. Can contain simple channel names or full Camel URIs.
- `channel_sources` (List of String) List of channels used as source of integration routes. Can contain simple channel names or full Camel URIs.
- `config` (String) Can be used to inject a Knative complete configuration in JSON format.
- `configuration` (Map of String) Legacy trait configuration parameters. Deprecated: for backward compatibility.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Can be used to enable or disable a trait. All traits share this common property.
- `endpoint_sinks` (List of String) List of endpoints used as destination of integration routes. Can contain simple endpoint names or full Camel URIs.
- `endpoint_sources` (List of String) List of channels used as source of integration routes.
- `event_sinks` (List of String) List of event types that the integration will produce. Can contain simple event types or full Camel URIs (to use a specific broker).
- `event_sources` (List of String) List of event types that the integration will be subscribed to. Can contain simple event types or full Camel URIs (to use a specific broker different from 'default').
- `filter_event_type` (Boolean) Enables the default filtering for the Knative trigger using the event type If this is true, the created Knative trigger uses the event type as a filter on the event stream when no other filter criteria is given. (default: true)
- `filter_source_channels` (Boolean) Enables filtering on events based on the header 'ce-knativehistory'. Since this header has been removed in newer versions of Knative, filtering is disabled by default.
- `filters` (List of String) Sets filter attributes on the event stream (such as event type, source, subject and so on). A list of key-value pairs that represent filter attributes and its values. The syntax is KEY=VALUE, e.g., 'source='my.source''. Filter attributes get set on the Knative trigger that is being created as part of this integration.
- `namespace_label` (Boolean) Enables the camel-k-operator to set the 'bindings.knative.dev/include=true' label to the namespace As Knative requires this label to perform injection of K_SINK URL into the service. If this is false, the integration pod may start and fail, read the SinkBinding Knative documentation. (default: true)
- `sink_binding` (Boolean) Allows binding the integration to a sink via a Knative SinkBinding resource. This can be used when the integration targets a single sink. It's enabled by default when the integration targets a single sink (except when the integration is owned by a Knative source).


<a id="nestedatt--spec--traits--knative_service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.traits.knative_service`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) The annotations added to route. This can be used to set knative service specific annotations CLI usage example: -t 'knative-service.annotations.'haproxy.router.openshift.io/balance'=true'
- `auto` (Boolean) Automatically deploy the integration as Knative service when all conditions hold:  * Integration is using the Knative profile * All routes are either starting from an HTTP based consumer or a passive consumer (e.g. 'direct' is a passive consumer)
- `autoscaling_metric` (String) Configures the Knative autoscaling metric property (e.g. to set 'concurrency' based or 'cpu' based autoscaling).  Refer to the Knative documentation for more information.
- `autoscaling_target` (Number) Sets the allowed concurrency level or CPU percentage (depending on the autoscaling metric) for each Pod.  Refer to the Knative documentation for more information.
- `class` (String) Configures the Knative autoscaling class property (e.g. to set 'hpa.autoscaling.knative.dev' or 'kpa.autoscaling.knative.dev' autoscaling).  Refer to the Knative documentation for more information.
- `configuration` (Map of String) Legacy trait configuration parameters. Deprecated: for backward compatibility.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Can be used to enable or disable a trait. All traits share this common property.
- `max_scale` (Number) An upper bound for the number of Pods that can be running in parallel for the integration. Knative has its own cap value that depends on the installation.  Refer to the Knative documentation for more information.
- `min_scale` (Number) The minimum number of Pods that should be running at any time for the integration. It's **zero** by default, meaning that the integration is scaled down to zero when not used for a configured amount of time.  Refer to the Knative documentation for more information.
- `rollout_duration` (String) Enables to gradually shift traffic to the latest Revision and sets the rollout duration. It's disabled by default and must be expressed as a Golang 'time.Duration' string representation, rounded to a second precision.
- `timeout_seconds` (Number) The maximum duration in seconds that the request instance is allowed to respond to a request. This field propagates to the integration pod's terminationGracePeriodSeconds  Refer to the Knative documentation for more information.
- `visibility` (String) Setting 'cluster-local', Knative service becomes a private service. Specifically, this option applies the 'networking.knative.dev/visibility' label to Knative service.  Refer to the Knative documentation for more information.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--traits--logging"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.traits.logging`

Optional:

- `color` (Boolean) Colorize the log output
- `configuration` (Map of String) Legacy trait configuration parameters. Deprecated: for backward compatibility.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Can be used to enable or disable a trait. All traits share this common property.
- `format` (String) Logs message format
- `json` (Boolean) Output the logs in JSON
- `json_pretty_print` (Boolean) Enable 'pretty printing' of the JSON logs
- `level` (String) Adjust the logging level (defaults to 'INFO')


<a id="nestedatt--spec--traits--master"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.traits.master`

Required:

- `configuration` (Map of String) TraitConfiguration parameters configuration


<a id="nestedatt--spec--traits--mount"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.traits.mount`

Optional:

- `configs` (List of String) A list of configuration pointing to configmap/secret. The configuration are expected to be UTF-8 resources as they are processed by runtime Camel Context and tried to be parsed as property files. They are also made available on the classpath in order to ease their usage directly from the Route. Syntax: [configmap|secret]:name[/key], where name represents the resource name and key optionally represents the resource key to be filtered
- `configuration` (Map of String) Legacy trait configuration parameters. Deprecated: for backward compatibility.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Deprecated: no longer in use.
- `hot_reload` (Boolean) Enable 'hot reload' when a secret/configmap mounted is edited (default 'false'). The configmap/secret must be marked with 'camel.apache.org/integration' label to be taken in account. The resource will be watched for any kind change, also for changes in metadata.
- `resources` (List of String) A list of resources (text or binary content) pointing to configmap/secret. The resources are expected to be any resource type (text or binary content). The destination path can be either a default location or any path specified by the user. Syntax: [configmap|secret]:name[/key][@path], where name represents the resource name, key optionally represents the resource key to be filtered and path represents the destination path
- `scan_kamelets_implicit_label_secrets` (Boolean) Deprecated: include your properties in an explicit property file backed by a secret. Let the operator to scan for secret labeled with 'camel.apache.org/kamelet' and 'camel.apache.org/kamelet.configuration'. These secrets are mounted to the application and treated as plain properties file with their key/value list (ie .spec.data['camel.my-property'] = my-value) (default 'true').
- `volumes` (List of String) A list of Persistent Volume Claims to be mounted. Syntax: [pvcname:/container/path]


<a id="nestedatt--spec--traits--openapi"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.traits.openapi`

Optional:

- `configmaps` (List of String) The configmaps holding the spec of the OpenAPI
- `configuration` (Map of String) Legacy trait configuration parameters. Deprecated: for backward compatibility.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Deprecated: no longer in use.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--traits--owner"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.traits.owner`

Optional:

- `configuration` (Map of String) Legacy trait configuration parameters. Deprecated: for backward compatibility.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Can be used to enable or disable a trait. All traits share this common property.
- `target_annotations` (List of String) The set of annotations to be transferred
- `target_labels` (List of String) The set of labels to be transferred


<a id="nestedatt--spec--traits--pdb"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.traits.pdb`

Optional:

- `configuration` (Map of String) Legacy trait configuration parameters. Deprecated: for backward compatibility.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Can be used to enable or disable a trait. All traits share this common property.
- `max_unavailable` (String) The number of pods for the Integration that can be unavailable after an eviction. It can be either an absolute number or a percentage (default '1' if 'min-available' is also not set). Only one of 'max-unavailable' and 'min-available' can be specified.
- `min_available` (String) The number of pods for the Integration that must still be available after an eviction. It can be either an absolute number or a percentage. Only one of 'min-available' and 'max-unavailable' can be specified.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--traits--platform"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.traits.platform`

Optional:

- `auto` (Boolean) To automatically detect from the environment if a default platform can be created (it will be created on OpenShift or when a registry address is set). Deprecated: Platform is auto generated by the operator install procedure - maintained for backward compatibility
- `configuration` (Map of String) Legacy trait configuration parameters. Deprecated: for backward compatibility.
- `create_default` (Boolean) To create a default (empty) platform when the platform is missing. Deprecated: Platform is auto generated by the operator install procedure - maintained for backward compatibility
- `enabled` (Boolean) Deprecated: no longer in use.
- `global` (Boolean) Indicates if the platform should be created globally in the case of global operator (default true). Deprecated: Platform is auto generated by the operator install procedure - maintained for backward compatibility


<a id="nestedatt--spec--traits--pod"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.traits.pod`

Optional:

- `configuration` (Map of String) Legacy trait configuration parameters. Deprecated: for backward compatibility.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Can be used to enable or disable a trait. All traits share this common property.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--traits--prometheus"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.traits.prometheus`

Optional:

- `configuration` (Map of String) Legacy trait configuration parameters. Deprecated: for backward compatibility.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Can be used to enable or disable a trait. All traits share this common property.
- `pod_monitor` (Boolean) Whether a 'PodMonitor' resource is created (default 'true').
- `pod_monitor_labels` (List of String) The 'PodMonitor' resource labels, applicable when 'pod-monitor' is 'true'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--traits--pull_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.traits.pull_secret`

Optional:

- `auto` (Boolean) Automatically configures the platform registry secret on the pod if it is of type 'kubernetes.io/dockerconfigjson'.
- `configuration` (Map of String) Legacy trait configuration parameters. Deprecated: for backward compatibility.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Can be used to enable or disable a trait. All traits share this common property.
- `image_puller_delegation` (Boolean) When using a global operator with a shared platform, this enables delegation of the 'system:image-puller' cluster role on the operator namespace to the integration service account.
- `secret_name` (String) The pull secret name to set on the Pod. If left empty this is automatically taken from the 'IntegrationPlatform' registry configuration.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--traits--quarkus"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.traits.quarkus`

Optional:

- `build_mode` (List of String) The Quarkus mode to run: either 'jvm' or 'native' (default 'jvm'). In case both 'jvm' and 'native' are specified, two 'IntegrationKit' resources are created, with the 'native' kit having precedence over the 'jvm' one once ready.
- `configuration` (Map of String) Legacy trait configuration parameters. Deprecated: for backward compatibility.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Deprecated: no longer in use.
- `native_base_image` (String) The base image to use when running a native build (default 'quay.io/quarkus/quarkus-micro-image:2.0')
- `native_builder_image` (String) The image containing the tooling required for a native build (by default it will use the one provided in the runtime catalog)
- `package_types` (List of String) The Quarkus package types, 'fast-jar' or 'native' (default 'fast-jar'). In case both 'fast-jar' and 'native' are specified, two 'IntegrationKit' resources are created, with the native kit having precedence over the 'fast-jar' one once ready. The order influences the resolution of the current kit for the integration. The kit corresponding to the first package type will be assigned to the integration in case no existing kit that matches the integration exists. Deprecated: use 'build-mode' instead.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--traits--registry"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.traits.registry`

Optional:

- `configuration` (Map of String) Legacy trait configuration parameters. Deprecated: for backward compatibility.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Can be used to enable or disable a trait. All traits share this common property.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--traits--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.traits.route`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) The annotations added to route. This can be used to set route specific annotations For annotations options see https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/3.11/architecture/networking/routes.html#route-specific-annotations CLI usage example: -t 'route.annotations.'haproxy.router.openshift.io/balance'=true'
- `configuration` (Map of String) Legacy trait configuration parameters. Deprecated: for backward compatibility.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Can be used to enable or disable a trait. All traits share this common property.
- `host` (String) To configure the host exposed by the route.
- `tls_ca_certificate` (String) The TLS CA certificate contents.  Refer to the OpenShift route documentation for additional information.
- `tls_ca_certificate_secret` (String) The secret name and key reference to the TLS CA certificate. The format is 'secret-name[/key-name]', the value represents the secret name, if there is only one key in the secret it will be read, otherwise you can set a key name separated with a '/'.  Refer to the OpenShift route documentation for additional information.
- `tls_certificate` (String) The TLS certificate contents.  Refer to the OpenShift route documentation for additional information.
- `tls_certificate_secret` (String) The secret name and key reference to the TLS certificate. The format is 'secret-name[/key-name]', the value represents the secret name, if there is only one key in the secret it will be read, otherwise you can set a key name separated with a '/'.  Refer to the OpenShift route documentation for additional information.
- `tls_destination_ca_certificate` (String) The destination CA certificate provides the contents of the ca certificate of the final destination.  When using reencrypt termination this file should be provided in order to have routers use it for health checks on the secure connection. If this field is not specified, the router may provide its own destination CA and perform hostname validation using the short service name (service.namespace.svc), which allows infrastructure generated certificates to automatically verify.  Refer to the OpenShift route documentation for additional information.
- `tls_destination_ca_certificate_secret` (String) The secret name and key reference to the destination CA certificate. The format is 'secret-name[/key-name]', the value represents the secret name, if there is only one key in the secret it will be read, otherwise you can set a key name separated with a '/'.  Refer to the OpenShift route documentation for additional information.
- `tls_insecure_edge_termination_policy` (String) To configure how to deal with insecure traffic, e.g. 'Allow', 'Disable' or 'Redirect' traffic.  Refer to the OpenShift route documentation for additional information.
- `tls_key` (String) The TLS certificate key contents.  Refer to the OpenShift route documentation for additional information.
- `tls_key_secret` (String) The secret name and key reference to the TLS certificate key. The format is 'secret-name[/key-name]', the value represents the secret name, if there is only one key in the secret it will be read, otherwise you can set a key name separated with a '/'.  Refer to the OpenShift route documentation for additional information.
- `tls_termination` (String) The TLS termination type, like 'edge', 'passthrough' or 'reencrypt'.  Refer to the OpenShift route documentation for additional information.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--traits--security_context"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.traits.security_context`

Optional:

- `configuration` (Map of String) Legacy trait configuration parameters. Deprecated: for backward compatibility.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Deprecated: no longer in use.
- `run_as_non_root` (Boolean) Security Context RunAsNonRoot configuration (default false).
- `run_as_user` (Number) Security Context RunAsUser configuration (default none): this value is automatically retrieved in Openshift clusters when not explicitly set.
- `seccomp_profile_type` (String) Security Context SeccompProfileType configuration (default RuntimeDefault).


<a id="nestedatt--spec--traits--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.traits.service`

Optional:

- `auto` (Boolean) To automatically detect from the code if a Service needs to be created.
- `configuration` (Map of String) Legacy trait configuration parameters. Deprecated: for backward compatibility.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Can be used to enable or disable a trait. All traits share this common property.
- `node_port` (Boolean) Enable Service to be exposed as NodePort (default 'false'). Deprecated: Use service type instead.
- `type` (String) The type of service to be used, either 'ClusterIP', 'NodePort' or 'LoadBalancer'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--traits--service_binding"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.traits.service_binding`

Optional:

- `configuration` (Map of String) Legacy trait configuration parameters. Deprecated: for backward compatibility.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Can be used to enable or disable a trait. All traits share this common property.
- `services` (List of String) List of Services in the form [[apigroup/]version:]kind:[namespace/]name


<a id="nestedatt--spec--traits--strimzi"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.traits.strimzi`

Required:

- `configuration` (Map of String) TraitConfiguration parameters configuration


<a id="nestedatt--spec--traits--threescale"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.traits.threescale`

Required:

- `configuration` (Map of String) TraitConfiguration parameters configuration


<a id="nestedatt--spec--traits--toleration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.traits.toleration`

Optional:

- `configuration` (Map of String) Legacy trait configuration parameters. Deprecated: for backward compatibility.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Can be used to enable or disable a trait. All traits share this common property.
- `taints` (List of String) The list of taints to tolerate, in the form 'Key[=Value]:Effect[:Seconds]'


<a id="nestedatt--spec--traits--tracing"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.traits.tracing`

Required:

- `configuration` (Map of String) TraitConfiguration parameters configuration
