---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_capabilities_3scale_net_backend_v1beta1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "capabilities.3scale.net"
description: |-
  Backend is the Schema for the backends API
---

# k8s_capabilities_3scale_net_backend_v1beta1_manifest (Data Source)

Backend is the Schema for the backends API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_capabilities_3scale_net_backend_v1beta1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) BackendSpec defines the desired state of Backend (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is human readable name for the backend
- `private_base_url` (String) PrivateBaseURL Private Base URL of the API

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description is a human readable text of the backend
- `mapping_rules` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mapping_rules))
- `methods` (Attributes) Methods Map: system_name -> MethodSpec system_name attr is unique for all metrics AND methods In other words, if metric's system_name is A, there is no metric or method with system_name A. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--methods))
- `metrics` (Attributes) Metrics Map: system_name -> MetricSpec system_name attr is unique for all metrics AND methods In other words, if metric's system_name is A, there is no metric or method with system_name A. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--metrics))
- `provider_account_ref` (Attributes) ProviderAccountRef references account provider credentials (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider_account_ref))
- `system_name` (String) SystemName identifies uniquely the backend within the account provider Default value will be sanitized Name

<a id="nestedatt--spec--mapping_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mapping_rules`

Required:

- `http_method` (String)
- `increment` (Number)
- `metric_method_ref` (String)
- `pattern` (String)

Optional:

- `last` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--methods"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.methods`

Required:

- `friendly_name` (String)

Optional:

- `description` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--metrics"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metrics`

Required:

- `friendly_name` (String)
- `unit` (String)

Optional:

- `description` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider_account_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_account_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
