---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_capabilities_3scale_net_active_doc_v1beta1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "capabilities.3scale.net"
description: |-
  ActiveDoc is the Schema for the activedocs API
---

# k8s_capabilities_3scale_net_active_doc_v1beta1_manifest (Data Source)

ActiveDoc is the Schema for the activedocs API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_capabilities_3scale_net_active_doc_v1beta1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) ActiveDocSpec defines the desired state of ActiveDoc (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `active_doc_open_api_ref` (Attributes) ActiveDocOpenAPIRef Reference to the OpenAPI Specification (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--active_doc_open_api_ref))
- `name` (String) Name is human readable name for the activedoc

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description is a human readable text of the activedoc
- `product_system_name` (String) ProductSystemName identifies uniquely the product
- `provider_account_ref` (Attributes) ProviderAccountRef references account provider credentials (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider_account_ref))
- `published` (Boolean) Published switch to publish the activedoc
- `skip_swagger_validations` (Boolean) SkipSwaggerValidations switch to skip OpenAPI validation
- `system_name` (String) SystemName identifies uniquely the activedoc within the account provider Default value will be sanitized Name

<a id="nestedatt--spec--active_doc_open_api_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.active_doc_open_api_ref`

Optional:

- `secret_ref` (Attributes) SecretRef refers to the secret object that contains the OpenAPI Document (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--active_doc_open_api_ref--secret_ref))
- `url` (String) URL Remote URL from where to fetch the OpenAPI Document

<a id="nestedatt--spec--active_doc_open_api_ref--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.active_doc_open_api_ref.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.
- `field_path` (String) If referring to a piece of an object instead of an entire object, this string should contain a valid JSON/Go field access statement, such as desiredState.manifest.containers[2]. For example, if the object reference is to a container within a pod, this would take on a value like: 'spec.containers{name}' (where 'name' refers to the name of the container that triggered the event) or if no container name is specified 'spec.containers[2]' (container with index 2 in this pod). This syntax is chosen only to have some well-defined way of referencing a part of an object. TODO: this design is not final and this field is subject to change in the future.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/
- `resource_version` (String) Specific resourceVersion to which this reference is made, if any. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `uid` (String) UID of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#uids



<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider_account_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_account_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
