---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_capabilities_3scale_net_open_api_v1beta1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "capabilities.3scale.net"
description: |-
  OpenAPI is the Schema for the openapis API
---

# k8s_capabilities_3scale_net_open_api_v1beta1_manifest (Data Source)

OpenAPI is the Schema for the openapis API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_capabilities_3scale_net_open_api_v1beta1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) OpenAPISpec defines the desired state of OpenAPI (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `openapi_ref` (Attributes) OpenAPIRef Reference to the OpenAPI Specification (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--openapi_ref))

Optional:

- `oidc` (Attributes) OIDCSpec defines the desired configuration of OpenID Connect Authentication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--oidc))
- `prefix_matching` (Boolean) PrefixMatching Use prefix matching instead of strict matching on mapping rules derived from openapi operations
- `private_api_host_header` (String) PrivateAPIHostHeader Custom host header sent by the API gateway to the private API
- `private_api_secret_token` (String) PrivateAPISecretToken Custom secret token sent by the API gateway to the private API
- `private_base_url` (String) PrivateBaseURL Custom private base URL
- `product_system_name` (String) ProductSystemName 3scale product system name
- `production_public_base_url` (String) ProductionPublicBaseURL Custom public production URL
- `provider_account_ref` (Attributes) ProviderAccountRef references account provider credentials (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider_account_ref))
- `staging_public_base_url` (String) StagingPublicBaseURL Custom public staging URL

<a id="nestedatt--spec--openapi_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.openapi_ref`

Optional:

- `secret_ref` (Attributes) SecretRef refers to the secret object that contains the OpenAPI Document (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--openapi_ref--secret_ref))
- `url` (String) URL Remote URL from where to fetch the OpenAPI Document

<a id="nestedatt--spec--openapi_ref--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.openapi_ref.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.
- `field_path` (String) If referring to a piece of an object instead of an entire object, this string should contain a valid JSON/Go field access statement, such as desiredState.manifest.containers[2]. For example, if the object reference is to a container within a pod, this would take on a value like: 'spec.containers{name}' (where 'name' refers to the name of the container that triggered the event) or if no container name is specified 'spec.containers[2]' (container with index 2 in this pod). This syntax is chosen only to have some well-defined way of referencing a part of an object. TODO: this design is not final and this field is subject to change in the future.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/
- `resource_version` (String) Specific resourceVersion to which this reference is made, if any. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `uid` (String) UID of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#uids



<a id="nestedatt--spec--oidc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.oidc`

Required:

- `issuer_type` (String) IssuerType is the type of the OIDC issuer

Optional:

- `authentication_flow` (Attributes) AuthenticationFlow specifies OAuth2.0 authorization grant type (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--oidc--authentication_flow))
- `credentials` (String) Credentials Location available options: headers: As HTTP Headers query: As query parameters (GET) or body parameters (POST/PUT/DELETE) authorization: As HTTP Basic Authentication
- `gateway_response` (Attributes) GatewayResponseSpec defines the desired gateway response configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--oidc--gateway_response))
- `issuer_endpoint` (String) Issuer is the OIDC issuer
- `issuer_endpoint_ref` (Attributes) IssuerEndpointRef  is the reference to OIDC issuer Secret that contains IssuerEndpoint (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--oidc--issuer_endpoint_ref))
- `jwt_claim_with_client_id` (String) JwtClaimWithClientID is the JSON Web Token (JWT) Claim with ClientID that contains the clientID. Defaults to 'azp'.
- `jwt_claim_with_client_id_type` (String) JwtClaimWithClientIDType sets to process the ClientID Token Claim value as a string or as a liquid template.
- `security` (Attributes) SecuritySpec defines the desired state of Authentication Security (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--oidc--security))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--oidc--authentication_flow"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.oidc.authentication_flow`

Required:

- `direct_access_grants_enabled` (Boolean)
- `implicit_flow_enabled` (Boolean)
- `service_accounts_enabled` (Boolean)
- `standard_flow_enabled` (Boolean) OIDCIssuer is the OIDC issuer


<a id="nestedatt--spec--oidc--gateway_response"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.oidc.gateway_response`

Optional:

- `error_auth_failed` (String) ErrorAuthFailed specifies the response body when authentication fails
- `error_auth_missing` (String) ErrorAuthMissing specifies the response body when authentication is missing
- `error_headers_auth_failed` (String) ErrorHeadersAuthFailed specifies the Content-Type header when authentication fails
- `error_headers_auth_missing` (String) ErrorHeadersAuthMissing specifies the Content-Type header when authentication is missing
- `error_headers_limits_exceeded` (String) ErrorHeadersLimitsExceeded specifies the Content-Type header when usage limit exceeded
- `error_headers_no_match` (String) ErrorHeadersNoMatch specifies the Content-Type header when no match error
- `error_limits_exceeded` (String) ErrorLimitsExceeded specifies the response body when usage limit exceeded
- `error_no_match` (String) ErrorNoMatch specifies the response body when no match error
- `error_status_auth_failed` (Number) ErrorStatusAuthFailed specifies the response code when authentication fails
- `error_status_auth_missing` (Number) ErrorStatusAuthMissing specifies the response code when authentication is missing
- `error_status_limits_exceeded` (Number) ErrorStatusLimitsExceeded specifies the response code when usage limit exceeded
- `error_status_no_match` (Number) ErrorStatusNoMatch specifies the response code when no match error


<a id="nestedatt--spec--oidc--issuer_endpoint_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.oidc.issuer_endpoint_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) name is unique within a namespace to reference a secret resource.
- `namespace` (String) namespace defines the space within which the secret name must be unique.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--oidc--security"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.oidc.security`

Optional:

- `host_header` (String) HostHeader Lets you define a custom Host request header. This is needed if your API backend only accepts traffic from a specific host.
- `secret_token` (String) SecretToken Enables you to block any direct developer requests to your API backend; each 3scale API gateway call to your API backend contains a request header called X-3scale-proxy-secret-token. The value of this header can be set by you here. It's up to you ensure your backend only allows calls with this secret header.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider_account_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_account_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
