---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_capabilities_3scale_net_custom_policy_definition_v1beta1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "capabilities.3scale.net"
description: |-
  CustomPolicyDefinition is the Schema for the custompolicydefinitions API
---

# k8s_capabilities_3scale_net_custom_policy_definition_v1beta1_manifest (Data Source)

CustomPolicyDefinition is the Schema for the custompolicydefinitions API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_capabilities_3scale_net_custom_policy_definition_v1beta1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) CustomPolicyDefinitionSpec defines the desired state of CustomPolicyDefinition (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the custom policy
- `schema` (Attributes) Schema is the schema of the custom policy (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--schema))
- `version` (String) Version is the version of the custom policy

Optional:

- `provider_account_ref` (Attributes) ProviderAccountRef references account provider credentials (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider_account_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--schema"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.schema`

Required:

- `configuration` (Map of String) Configuration defines the structural schema for the policy
- `dollarschema` (String) Schema the $schema keyword is used to declare that this is a JSON Schema.
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the custom policy schema
- `summary` (String) Summary is the summary of the custom policy schema
- `version` (String) Version is the version of the custom policy schema

Optional:

- `description` (List of String) Description is an array of description messages for the custom policy schema


<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider_account_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_account_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
