---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_capsule_clastix_io_tenant_v1beta2_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "capsule.clastix.io"
description: |-
  Tenant is the Schema for the tenants API.
---

# k8s_capsule_clastix_io_tenant_v1beta2_manifest (Data Source)

Tenant is the Schema for the tenants API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_capsule_clastix_io_tenant_v1beta2_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) TenantSpec defines the desired state of Tenant. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `owners` (Attributes List) Specifies the owners of the Tenant. Mandatory. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--owners))

Optional:

- `additional_role_bindings` (Attributes List) Specifies additional RoleBindings assigned to the Tenant. Capsule will ensure that all namespaces in the Tenant always contain the RoleBinding for the given ClusterRole. Optional. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--additional_role_bindings))
- `container_registries` (Attributes) Specifies the trusted Image Registries assigned to the Tenant. Capsule assures that all Pods resources created in the Tenant can use only one of the allowed trusted registries. Optional. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--container_registries))
- `cordoned` (Boolean) Toggling the Tenant resources cordoning, when enable resources cannot be deleted.
- `image_pull_policies` (List of String) Specify the allowed values for the imagePullPolicies option in Pod resources. Capsule assures that all Pod resources created in the Tenant can use only one of the allowed policy. Optional.
- `ingress_options` (Attributes) Specifies options for the Ingress resources, such as allowed hostnames and IngressClass. Optional. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ingress_options))
- `limit_ranges` (Attributes) Specifies the resource min/max usage restrictions to the Tenant. The assigned values are inherited by any namespace created in the Tenant. Optional. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--limit_ranges))
- `namespace_options` (Attributes) Specifies options for the Namespaces, such as additional metadata or maximum number of namespaces allowed for that Tenant. Once the namespace quota assigned to the Tenant has been reached, the Tenant owner cannot create further namespaces. Optional. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--namespace_options))
- `network_policies` (Attributes) Specifies the NetworkPolicies assigned to the Tenant. The assigned NetworkPolicies are inherited by any namespace created in the Tenant. Optional. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network_policies))
- `node_selector` (Map of String) Specifies the label to control the placement of pods on a given pool of worker nodes. All namespaces created within the Tenant will have the node selector annotation. This annotation tells the Kubernetes scheduler to place pods on the nodes having the selector label. Optional.
- `pod_options` (Attributes) Specifies options for the Pods deployed in the Tenant namespaces, such as additional metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_options))
- `prevent_deletion` (Boolean) Prevent accidental deletion of the Tenant.When enabled, the deletion request will be declined.
- `priority_classes` (Attributes) Specifies the allowed priorityClasses assigned to the Tenant.Capsule assures that all Pods resources created in the Tenant can use only one of the allowed PriorityClasses.A default value can be specified, and all the Pod resources created will inherit the declared class.Optional. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--priority_classes))
- `resource_quotas` (Attributes) Specifies a list of ResourceQuota resources assigned to the Tenant. The assigned values are inherited by any namespace created in the Tenant. The Capsule operator aggregates ResourceQuota at Tenant level, so that the hard quota is never crossed for the given Tenant. This permits the Tenant owner to consume resources in the Tenant regardless of the namespace. Optional. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resource_quotas))
- `runtime_classes` (Attributes) Specifies the allowed RuntimeClasses assigned to the Tenant.Capsule assures that all Pods resources created in the Tenant can use only one of the allowed RuntimeClasses.Optional. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runtime_classes))
- `service_options` (Attributes) Specifies options for the Service, such as additional metadata or block of certain type of Services. Optional. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--service_options))
- `storage_classes` (Attributes) Specifies the allowed StorageClasses assigned to the Tenant.Capsule assures that all PersistentVolumeClaim resources created in the Tenant can use only one of the allowed StorageClasses.A default value can be specified, and all the PersistentVolumeClaim resources created will inherit the declared class.Optional. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage_classes))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--owners"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.owners`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind of tenant owner. Possible values are 'User', 'Group', and 'ServiceAccount'
- `name` (String) Name of tenant owner.

Optional:

- `cluster_roles` (List of String) Defines additional cluster-roles for the specific Owner.
- `proxy_settings` (Attributes List) Proxy settings for tenant owner. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--owners--proxy_settings))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--owners--proxy_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.owners.proxy_settings`

Required:

- `kind` (String)
- `operations` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--additional_role_bindings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.additional_role_bindings`

Required:

- `cluster_role_name` (String)
- `subjects` (Attributes List) kubebuilder:validation:Minimum=1 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--additional_role_bindings--subjects))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--additional_role_bindings--subjects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.additional_role_bindings.subjects`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind of object being referenced. Values defined by this API group are 'User', 'Group', and 'ServiceAccount'.If the Authorizer does not recognized the kind value, the Authorizer should report an error.
- `name` (String) Name of the object being referenced.

Optional:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup holds the API group of the referenced subject.Defaults to '' for ServiceAccount subjects.Defaults to 'rbac.authorization.k8s.io' for User and Group subjects.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referenced object.  If the object kind is non-namespace, such as 'User' or 'Group', and this value is not emptythe Authorizer should report an error.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--container_registries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.container_registries`

Optional:

- `allowed` (List of String)
- `allowed_regex` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--ingress_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ingress_options`

Optional:

- `allow_wildcard_hostnames` (Boolean) Toggles the ability for Ingress resources created in a Tenant to have a hostname wildcard.
- `allowed_classes` (Attributes) Specifies the allowed IngressClasses assigned to the Tenant.Capsule assures that all Ingress resources created in the Tenant can use only one of the allowed IngressClasses.A default value can be specified, and all the Ingress resources created will inherit the declared class.Optional. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ingress_options--allowed_classes))
- `allowed_hostnames` (Attributes) Specifies the allowed hostnames in Ingresses for the given Tenant. Capsule assures that all Ingress resources created in the Tenant can use only one of the allowed hostnames. Optional. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ingress_options--allowed_hostnames))
- `hostname_collision_scope` (String) Defines the scope of hostname collision check performed when Tenant Owners create Ingress with allowed hostnames.- Cluster: disallow the creation of an Ingress if the pair hostname and path is already used across the Namespaces managed by Capsule.- Tenant: disallow the creation of an Ingress if the pair hostname and path is already used across the Namespaces of the Tenant.- Namespace: disallow the creation of an Ingress if the pair hostname and path is already used in the Ingress Namespace.Optional.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--ingress_options--allowed_classes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ingress_options.allowed_classes`

Optional:

- `allowed` (List of String)
- `allowed_regex` (String)
- `default` (String)
- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ingress_options--allowed_classes--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--ingress_options--allowed_classes--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ingress_options.allowed_classes.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--ingress_options--allowed_hostnames"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ingress_options.allowed_hostnames`

Optional:

- `allowed` (List of String)
- `allowed_regex` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--limit_ranges"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.limit_ranges`

Optional:

- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--limit_ranges--items))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--limit_ranges--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.limit_ranges.items`

Required:

- `limits` (Attributes List) Limits is the list of LimitRangeItem objects that are enforced. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--limit_ranges--items--limits))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--limit_ranges--items--limits"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.limit_ranges.items.limits`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type of resource that this limit applies to.

Optional:

- `default` (Map of String) Default resource requirement limit value by resource name if resource limit is omitted.
- `default_request` (Map of String) DefaultRequest is the default resource requirement request value by resource name if resource request is omitted.
- `max` (Map of String) Max usage constraints on this kind by resource name.
- `max_limit_request_ratio` (Map of String) MaxLimitRequestRatio if specified, the named resource must have a request and limit that are both non-zero where limit divided by request is less than or equal to the enumerated value; this represents the max burst for the named resource.
- `min` (Map of String) Min usage constraints on this kind by resource name.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--namespace_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.namespace_options`

Optional:

- `additional_metadata` (Attributes) Specifies additional labels and annotations the Capsule operator places on any Namespace resource in the Tenant. Optional. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--namespace_options--additional_metadata))
- `forbidden_annotations` (Attributes) Define the annotations that a Tenant Owner cannot set for their Namespace resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--namespace_options--forbidden_annotations))
- `forbidden_labels` (Attributes) Define the labels that a Tenant Owner cannot set for their Namespace resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--namespace_options--forbidden_labels))
- `quota` (Number) Specifies the maximum number of namespaces allowed for that Tenant. Once the namespace quota assigned to the Tenant has been reached, the Tenant owner cannot create further namespaces. Optional.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--namespace_options--additional_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.namespace_options.additional_metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--namespace_options--forbidden_annotations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.namespace_options.forbidden_annotations`

Optional:

- `denied` (List of String)
- `denied_regex` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--namespace_options--forbidden_labels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.namespace_options.forbidden_labels`

Optional:

- `denied` (List of String)
- `denied_regex` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--network_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network_policies`

Optional:

- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network_policies--items))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--network_policies--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network_policies.items`

Required:

- `pod_selector` (Attributes) podSelector selects the pods to which this NetworkPolicy object applies.The array of ingress rules is applied to any pods selected by this field.Multiple network policies can select the same set of pods. In this case,the ingress rules for each are combined additively.This field is NOT optional and follows standard label selector semantics.An empty podSelector matches all pods in this namespace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network_policies--items--pod_selector))

Optional:

- `egress` (Attributes List) egress is a list of egress rules to be applied to the selected pods. Outgoing trafficis allowed if there are no NetworkPolicies selecting the pod (and cluster policyotherwise allows the traffic), OR if the traffic matches at least one egress ruleacross all of the NetworkPolicy objects whose podSelector matches the pod. Ifthis field is empty then this NetworkPolicy limits all outgoing traffic (and servessolely to ensure that the pods it selects are isolated by default).This field is beta-level in 1.8 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network_policies--items--egress))
- `ingress` (Attributes List) ingress is a list of ingress rules to be applied to the selected pods.Traffic is allowed to a pod if there are no NetworkPolicies selecting the pod(and cluster policy otherwise allows the traffic), OR if the traffic source isthe pod's local node, OR if the traffic matches at least one ingress ruleacross all of the NetworkPolicy objects whose podSelector matches the pod. Ifthis field is empty then this NetworkPolicy does not allow any traffic (and servessolely to ensure that the pods it selects are isolated by default) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network_policies--items--ingress))
- `policy_types` (List of String) policyTypes is a list of rule types that the NetworkPolicy relates to.Valid options are ['Ingress'], ['Egress'], or ['Ingress', 'Egress'].If this field is not specified, it will default based on the existence of ingress or egress rules;policies that contain an egress section are assumed to affect egress, and all policies(whether or not they contain an ingress section) are assumed to affect ingress.If you want to write an egress-only policy, you must explicitly specify policyTypes [ 'Egress' ].Likewise, if you want to write a policy that specifies that no egress is allowed,you must specify a policyTypes value that include 'Egress' (since such a policy would not includean egress section and would otherwise default to just [ 'Ingress' ]).This field is beta-level in 1.8

<a id="nestedatt--spec--network_policies--items--pod_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network_policies.items.pod_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network_policies--items--pod_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--network_policies--items--pod_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network_policies.items.pod_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--network_policies--items--egress"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network_policies.items.egress`

Optional:

- `ports` (Attributes List) ports is a list of destination ports for outgoing traffic.Each item in this list is combined using a logical OR. If this field isempty or missing, this rule matches all ports (traffic not restricted by port).If this field is present and contains at least one item, then this rule allowstraffic only if the traffic matches at least one port in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network_policies--items--egress--ports))
- `to` (Attributes List) to is a list of destinations for outgoing traffic of pods selected for this rule.Items in this list are combined using a logical OR operation. If this field isempty or missing, this rule matches all destinations (traffic not restricted bydestination). If this field is present and contains at least one item, this ruleallows traffic only if the traffic matches at least one item in the to list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network_policies--items--egress--to))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--network_policies--items--egress--ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network_policies.items.egress.ports`

Optional:

- `end_port` (Number) endPort indicates that the range of ports from port to endPort if set, inclusive,should be allowed by the policy. This field cannot be defined if the port fieldis not defined or if the port field is defined as a named (string) port.The endPort must be equal or greater than port.
- `port` (String) port represents the port on the given protocol. This can either be a numerical or namedport on a pod. If this field is not provided, this matches all port names andnumbers.If present, only traffic on the specified protocol AND port will be matched.
- `protocol` (String) protocol represents the protocol (TCP, UDP, or SCTP) which traffic must match.If not specified, this field defaults to TCP.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--network_policies--items--egress--to"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network_policies.items.egress.to`

Optional:

- `ip_block` (Attributes) ipBlock defines policy on a particular IPBlock. If this field is set thenneither of the other fields can be. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network_policies--items--egress--to--ip_block))
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) namespaceSelector selects namespaces using cluster-scoped labels. This field followsstandard label selector semantics; if present but empty, it selects all namespaces.If podSelector is also set, then the NetworkPolicyPeer as a whole selectsthe pods matching podSelector in the namespaces selected by namespaceSelector.Otherwise it selects all pods in the namespaces selected by namespaceSelector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network_policies--items--egress--to--namespace_selector))
- `pod_selector` (Attributes) podSelector is a label selector which selects pods. This field follows standard labelselector semantics; if present but empty, it selects all pods.If namespaceSelector is also set, then the NetworkPolicyPeer as a whole selectsthe pods matching podSelector in the Namespaces selected by NamespaceSelector.Otherwise it selects the pods matching podSelector in the policy's own namespace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network_policies--items--egress--to--pod_selector))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--network_policies--items--egress--to--ip_block"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network_policies.items.egress.to.ip_block`

Required:

- `cidr` (String) cidr is a string representing the IPBlockValid examples are '192.168.1.0/24' or '2001:db8::/64'

Optional:

- `except` (List of String) except is a slice of CIDRs that should not be included within an IPBlockValid examples are '192.168.1.0/24' or '2001:db8::/64'Except values will be rejected if they are outside the cidr range


<a id="nestedatt--spec--network_policies--items--egress--to--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network_policies.items.egress.to.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network_policies--items--egress--to--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--network_policies--items--egress--to--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network_policies.items.egress.to.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--network_policies--items--egress--to--pod_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network_policies.items.egress.to.pod_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network_policies--items--egress--to--pod_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--network_policies--items--egress--to--pod_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network_policies.items.egress.to.pod_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--network_policies--items--ingress"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network_policies.items.ingress`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes List) from is a list of sources which should be able to access the pods selected for this rule.Items in this list are combined using a logical OR operation. If this field isempty or missing, this rule matches all sources (traffic not restricted bysource). If this field is present and contains at least one item, this ruleallows traffic only if the traffic matches at least one item in the from list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network_policies--items--ingress--from))
- `ports` (Attributes List) ports is a list of ports which should be made accessible on the pods selected forthis rule. Each item in this list is combined using a logical OR. If this field isempty or missing, this rule matches all ports (traffic not restricted by port).If this field is present and contains at least one item, then this rule allowstraffic only if the traffic matches at least one port in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network_policies--items--ingress--ports))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--network_policies--items--ingress--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network_policies.items.ingress.from`

Optional:

- `ip_block` (Attributes) ipBlock defines policy on a particular IPBlock. If this field is set thenneither of the other fields can be. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network_policies--items--ingress--from--ip_block))
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) namespaceSelector selects namespaces using cluster-scoped labels. This field followsstandard label selector semantics; if present but empty, it selects all namespaces.If podSelector is also set, then the NetworkPolicyPeer as a whole selectsthe pods matching podSelector in the namespaces selected by namespaceSelector.Otherwise it selects all pods in the namespaces selected by namespaceSelector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network_policies--items--ingress--from--namespace_selector))
- `pod_selector` (Attributes) podSelector is a label selector which selects pods. This field follows standard labelselector semantics; if present but empty, it selects all pods.If namespaceSelector is also set, then the NetworkPolicyPeer as a whole selectsthe pods matching podSelector in the Namespaces selected by NamespaceSelector.Otherwise it selects the pods matching podSelector in the policy's own namespace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network_policies--items--ingress--from--pod_selector))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--network_policies--items--ingress--from--ip_block"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network_policies.items.ingress.from.ip_block`

Required:

- `cidr` (String) cidr is a string representing the IPBlockValid examples are '192.168.1.0/24' or '2001:db8::/64'

Optional:

- `except` (List of String) except is a slice of CIDRs that should not be included within an IPBlockValid examples are '192.168.1.0/24' or '2001:db8::/64'Except values will be rejected if they are outside the cidr range


<a id="nestedatt--spec--network_policies--items--ingress--from--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network_policies.items.ingress.from.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network_policies--items--ingress--from--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--network_policies--items--ingress--from--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network_policies.items.ingress.from.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--network_policies--items--ingress--from--pod_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network_policies.items.ingress.from.pod_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network_policies--items--ingress--from--pod_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--network_policies--items--ingress--from--pod_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network_policies.items.ingress.from.pod_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--network_policies--items--ingress--ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network_policies.items.ingress.ports`

Optional:

- `end_port` (Number) endPort indicates that the range of ports from port to endPort if set, inclusive,should be allowed by the policy. This field cannot be defined if the port fieldis not defined or if the port field is defined as a named (string) port.The endPort must be equal or greater than port.
- `port` (String) port represents the port on the given protocol. This can either be a numerical or namedport on a pod. If this field is not provided, this matches all port names andnumbers.If present, only traffic on the specified protocol AND port will be matched.
- `protocol` (String) protocol represents the protocol (TCP, UDP, or SCTP) which traffic must match.If not specified, this field defaults to TCP.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_options`

Optional:

- `additional_metadata` (Attributes) Specifies additional labels and annotations the Capsule operator places on any Pod resource in the Tenant. Optional. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_options--additional_metadata))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_options--additional_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_options.additional_metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--priority_classes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.priority_classes`

Optional:

- `allowed` (List of String)
- `allowed_regex` (String)
- `default` (String)
- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--priority_classes--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--priority_classes--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.priority_classes.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--resource_quotas"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resource_quotas`

Optional:

- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resource_quotas--items))
- `scope` (String) Define if the Resource Budget should compute resource across all Namespaces in the Tenant or individually per cluster. Default is Tenant

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resource_quotas--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resource_quotas.items`

Optional:

- `hard` (Map of String) hard is the set of desired hard limits for each named resource.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/policy/resource-quotas/
- `scope_selector` (Attributes) scopeSelector is also a collection of filters like scopes that must match each object tracked by a quotabut expressed using ScopeSelectorOperator in combination with possible values.For a resource to match, both scopes AND scopeSelector (if specified in spec), must be matched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resource_quotas--items--scope_selector))
- `scopes` (List of String) A collection of filters that must match each object tracked by a quota.If not specified, the quota matches all objects.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resource_quotas--items--scope_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resource_quotas.items.scope_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) A list of scope selector requirements by scope of the resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resource_quotas--items--scope_selector--match_expressions))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resource_quotas--items--scope_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resource_quotas.items.scope_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `operator` (String) Represents a scope's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist.
- `scope_name` (String) The name of the scope that the selector applies to.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty.This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--runtime_classes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runtime_classes`

Optional:

- `allowed` (List of String)
- `allowed_regex` (String)
- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runtime_classes--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runtime_classes--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runtime_classes.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--service_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.service_options`

Optional:

- `additional_metadata` (Attributes) Specifies additional labels and annotations the Capsule operator places on any Service resource in the Tenant. Optional. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--service_options--additional_metadata))
- `allowed_services` (Attributes) Block or deny certain type of Services. Optional. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--service_options--allowed_services))
- `external_i_ps` (Attributes) Specifies the external IPs that can be used in Services with type ClusterIP. An empty list means no IPs are allowed. Optional. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--service_options--external_i_ps))
- `forbidden_annotations` (Attributes) Define the annotations that a Tenant Owner cannot set for their Service resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--service_options--forbidden_annotations))
- `forbidden_labels` (Attributes) Define the labels that a Tenant Owner cannot set for their Service resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--service_options--forbidden_labels))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--service_options--additional_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.service_options.additional_metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--service_options--allowed_services"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.service_options.allowed_services`

Optional:

- `external_name` (Boolean) Specifies if ExternalName service type resources are allowed for the Tenant. Default is true. Optional.
- `load_balancer` (Boolean) Specifies if LoadBalancer service type resources are allowed for the Tenant. Default is true. Optional.
- `node_port` (Boolean) Specifies if NodePort service type resources are allowed for the Tenant. Default is true. Optional.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--service_options--external_i_ps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.service_options.external_i_ps`

Required:

- `allowed` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--service_options--forbidden_annotations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.service_options.forbidden_annotations`

Optional:

- `denied` (List of String)
- `denied_regex` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--service_options--forbidden_labels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.service_options.forbidden_labels`

Optional:

- `denied` (List of String)
- `denied_regex` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage_classes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage_classes`

Optional:

- `allowed` (List of String)
- `allowed_regex` (String)
- `default` (String)
- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage_classes--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage_classes--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage_classes.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.
