---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_capsule_clastix_io_capsule_configuration_v1beta2_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "capsule.clastix.io"
description: |-
  CapsuleConfiguration is the Schema for the Capsule configuration API.
---

# k8s_capsule_clastix_io_capsule_configuration_v1beta2_manifest (Data Source)

CapsuleConfiguration is the Schema for the Capsule configuration API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_capsule_clastix_io_capsule_configuration_v1beta2_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) CapsuleConfigurationSpec defines the Capsule configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `enable_tls_reconciler` (Boolean) Toggles the TLS reconciler, the controller that is able to generate CA and certificates for the webhooks when not using an already provided CA and certificate, or when these are managed externally with Vault, or cert-manager.

Optional:

- `force_tenant_prefix` (Boolean) Enforces the Tenant owner, during Namespace creation, to name it using the selected Tenant name as prefix, separated by a dash. This is useful to avoid Namespace name collision in a public CaaS environment.
- `node_metadata` (Attributes) Allows to set the forbidden metadata for the worker nodes that could be patched by a Tenant. This applies only if the Tenant has an active NodeSelector, and the Owner have right to patch their nodes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--node_metadata))
- `overrides` (Attributes) Allows to set different name rather than the canonical one for the Capsule configuration objects, such as webhook secret or configurations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--overrides))
- `protected_namespace_regex` (String) Disallow creation of namespaces, whose name matches this regexp
- `user_groups` (List of String) Names of the groups for Capsule users.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--node_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.node_metadata`

Required:

- `forbidden_annotations` (Attributes) Define the annotations that a Tenant Owner cannot set for their nodes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--node_metadata--forbidden_annotations))
- `forbidden_labels` (Attributes) Define the labels that a Tenant Owner cannot set for their nodes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--node_metadata--forbidden_labels))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--node_metadata--forbidden_annotations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.node_metadata.forbidden_annotations`

Optional:

- `denied` (List of String)
- `denied_regex` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--node_metadata--forbidden_labels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.node_metadata.forbidden_labels`

Optional:

- `denied` (List of String)
- `denied_regex` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--overrides"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.overrides`

Required:

- `mutating_webhook_configuration_name` (String) Name of the MutatingWebhookConfiguration which contains the dynamic admission controller paths and resources.
- `tls_secret_name` (String) Defines the Secret name used for the webhook server. Must be in the same Namespace where the Capsule Deployment is deployed.
- `validating_webhook_configuration_name` (String) Name of the ValidatingWebhookConfiguration which contains the dynamic admission controller paths and resources.
