---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_ceph_rook_io_ceph_block_pool_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "ceph.rook.io"
description: |-
  CephBlockPool represents a Ceph Storage Pool
---

# k8s_ceph_rook_io_ceph_block_pool_v1_manifest (Data Source)

CephBlockPool represents a Ceph Storage Pool

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_ceph_rook_io_ceph_block_pool_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
  spec = {}
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) NamedBlockPoolSpec allows a block pool to be created with a non-default name. This is more specific than the NamedPoolSpec so we get schema validation on the allowed pool names that can be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `application` (String) The application name to set on the pool. Only expected to be set for rgw pools.
- `compression_mode` (String) DEPRECATED: use Parameters instead, e.g., Parameters['compression_mode'] = 'force' The inline compression mode in Bluestore OSD to set to (options are: none, passive, aggressive, force) Do NOT set a default value for kubebuilder as this will override the Parameters
- `crush_root` (String) The root of the crush hierarchy utilized by the pool
- `device_class` (String) The device class the OSD should set to for use in the pool
- `enable_crush_updates` (Boolean) Allow rook operator to change the pool CRUSH tunables once the pool is created
- `enable_rbd_stats` (Boolean) EnableRBDStats is used to enable gathering of statistics for all RBD images in the pool
- `erasure_coded` (Attributes) The erasure code settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--erasure_coded))
- `failure_domain` (String) The failure domain: osd/host/(region or zone if available) - technically also any type in the crush map
- `mirroring` (Attributes) The mirroring settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mirroring))
- `name` (String) The desired name of the pool if different from the CephBlockPool CR name.
- `parameters` (Map of String) Parameters is a list of properties to enable on a given pool
- `quotas` (Attributes) The quota settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--quotas))
- `replicated` (Attributes) The replication settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--replicated))
- `status_check` (Attributes) The mirroring statusCheck (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--status_check))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--erasure_coded"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.erasure_coded`

Required:

- `coding_chunks` (Number) Number of coding chunks per object in an erasure coded storage pool (required for erasure-coded pool type). This is the number of OSDs that can be lost simultaneously before data cannot be recovered.
- `data_chunks` (Number) Number of data chunks per object in an erasure coded storage pool (required for erasure-coded pool type). The number of chunks required to recover an object when any single OSD is lost is the same as dataChunks so be aware that the larger the number of data chunks, the higher the cost of recovery.

Optional:

- `algorithm` (String) The algorithm for erasure coding


<a id="nestedatt--spec--mirroring"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mirroring`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled whether this pool is mirrored or not
- `mode` (String) Mode is the mirroring mode: either pool or image
- `peers` (Attributes) Peers represents the peers spec (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mirroring--peers))
- `snapshot_schedules` (Attributes List) SnapshotSchedules is the scheduling of snapshot for mirrored images/pools (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mirroring--snapshot_schedules))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--mirroring--peers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mirroring.peers`

Optional:

- `secret_names` (List of String) SecretNames represents the Kubernetes Secret names to add rbd-mirror or cephfs-mirror peers


<a id="nestedatt--spec--mirroring--snapshot_schedules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mirroring.snapshot_schedules`

Optional:

- `interval` (String) Interval represent the periodicity of the snapshot.
- `path` (String) Path is the path to snapshot, only valid for CephFS
- `start_time` (String) StartTime indicates when to start the snapshot



<a id="nestedatt--spec--quotas"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.quotas`

Optional:

- `max_bytes` (Number) MaxBytes represents the quota in bytes Deprecated in favor of MaxSize
- `max_objects` (Number) MaxObjects represents the quota in objects
- `max_size` (String) MaxSize represents the quota in bytes as a string


<a id="nestedatt--spec--replicated"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.replicated`

Required:

- `size` (Number) Size - Number of copies per object in a replicated storage pool, including the object itself (required for replicated pool type)

Optional:

- `hybrid_storage` (Attributes) HybridStorage represents hybrid storage tier settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--replicated--hybrid_storage))
- `replicas_per_failure_domain` (Number) ReplicasPerFailureDomain the number of replica in the specified failure domain
- `require_safe_replica_size` (Boolean) RequireSafeReplicaSize if false allows you to set replica 1
- `sub_failure_domain` (String) SubFailureDomain the name of the sub-failure domain
- `target_size_ratio` (Number) TargetSizeRatio gives a hint (%) to Ceph in terms of expected consumption of the total cluster capacity

<a id="nestedatt--spec--replicated--hybrid_storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.replicated.hybrid_storage`

Required:

- `primary_device_class` (String) PrimaryDeviceClass represents high performance tier (for example SSD or NVME) for Primary OSD
- `secondary_device_class` (String) SecondaryDeviceClass represents low performance tier (for example HDDs) for remaining OSDs



<a id="nestedatt--spec--status_check"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.status_check`

Optional:

- `mirror` (Attributes) HealthCheckSpec represents the health check of an object store bucket (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--status_check--mirror))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--status_check--mirror"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.status_check.mirror`

Optional:

- `disabled` (Boolean)
- `interval` (String) Interval is the internal in second or minute for the health check to run like 60s for 60 seconds
- `timeout` (String)
