---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_ceph_rook_io_ceph_object_store_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "ceph.rook.io"
description: |-
  CephObjectStore represents a Ceph Object Store Gateway
---

# k8s_ceph_rook_io_ceph_object_store_v1_manifest (Data Source)

CephObjectStore represents a Ceph Object Store Gateway

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_ceph_rook_io_ceph_object_store_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
  spec = {}
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) ObjectStoreSpec represent the spec of a pool (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `allow_users_in_namespaces` (List of String) The list of allowed namespaces in addition to the object store namespace where ceph object store users may be created. Specify '*' to allow all namespaces, otherwise list individual namespaces that are to be allowed. This is useful for applications that need object store credentials to be created in their own namespace, where neither OBCs nor COSI is being used to create buckets. The default is empty.
- `data_pool` (Attributes) The data pool settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--data_pool))
- `gateway` (Attributes) The rgw pod info (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--gateway))
- `health_check` (Attributes) The RGW health probes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--health_check))
- `metadata_pool` (Attributes) The metadata pool settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--metadata_pool))
- `preserve_pools_on_delete` (Boolean) Preserve pools on object store deletion
- `security` (Attributes) Security represents security settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security))
- `zone` (Attributes) The multisite info (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--zone))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--data_pool"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.data_pool`

Optional:

- `compression_mode` (String) DEPRECATED: use Parameters instead, e.g., Parameters['compression_mode'] = 'force' The inline compression mode in Bluestore OSD to set to (options are: none, passive, aggressive, force) Do NOT set a default value for kubebuilder as this will override the Parameters
- `crush_root` (String) The root of the crush hierarchy utilized by the pool
- `device_class` (String) The device class the OSD should set to for use in the pool
- `enable_rbd_stats` (Boolean) EnableRBDStats is used to enable gathering of statistics for all RBD images in the pool
- `erasure_coded` (Attributes) The erasure code settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--data_pool--erasure_coded))
- `failure_domain` (String) The failure domain: osd/host/(region or zone if available) - technically also any type in the crush map
- `mirroring` (Attributes) The mirroring settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--data_pool--mirroring))
- `parameters` (Map of String) Parameters is a list of properties to enable on a given pool
- `quotas` (Attributes) The quota settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--data_pool--quotas))
- `replicated` (Attributes) The replication settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--data_pool--replicated))
- `status_check` (Attributes) The mirroring statusCheck (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--data_pool--status_check))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--data_pool--erasure_coded"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.data_pool.erasure_coded`

Required:

- `coding_chunks` (Number) Number of coding chunks per object in an erasure coded storage pool (required for erasure-coded pool type). This is the number of OSDs that can be lost simultaneously before data cannot be recovered.
- `data_chunks` (Number) Number of data chunks per object in an erasure coded storage pool (required for erasure-coded pool type). The number of chunks required to recover an object when any single OSD is lost is the same as dataChunks so be aware that the larger the number of data chunks, the higher the cost of recovery.

Optional:

- `algorithm` (String) The algorithm for erasure coding


<a id="nestedatt--spec--data_pool--mirroring"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.data_pool.mirroring`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled whether this pool is mirrored or not
- `mode` (String) Mode is the mirroring mode: either pool or image
- `peers` (Attributes) Peers represents the peers spec (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--data_pool--mirroring--peers))
- `snapshot_schedules` (Attributes List) SnapshotSchedules is the scheduling of snapshot for mirrored images/pools (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--data_pool--mirroring--snapshot_schedules))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--data_pool--mirroring--peers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.data_pool.mirroring.snapshot_schedules`

Optional:

- `secret_names` (List of String) SecretNames represents the Kubernetes Secret names to add rbd-mirror or cephfs-mirror peers


<a id="nestedatt--spec--data_pool--mirroring--snapshot_schedules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.data_pool.mirroring.snapshot_schedules`

Optional:

- `interval` (String) Interval represent the periodicity of the snapshot.
- `path` (String) Path is the path to snapshot, only valid for CephFS
- `start_time` (String) StartTime indicates when to start the snapshot



<a id="nestedatt--spec--data_pool--quotas"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.data_pool.quotas`

Optional:

- `max_bytes` (Number) MaxBytes represents the quota in bytes Deprecated in favor of MaxSize
- `max_objects` (Number) MaxObjects represents the quota in objects
- `max_size` (String) MaxSize represents the quota in bytes as a string


<a id="nestedatt--spec--data_pool--replicated"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.data_pool.replicated`

Required:

- `size` (Number) Size - Number of copies per object in a replicated storage pool, including the object itself (required for replicated pool type)

Optional:

- `hybrid_storage` (Attributes) HybridStorage represents hybrid storage tier settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--data_pool--replicated--hybrid_storage))
- `replicas_per_failure_domain` (Number) ReplicasPerFailureDomain the number of replica in the specified failure domain
- `require_safe_replica_size` (Boolean) RequireSafeReplicaSize if false allows you to set replica 1
- `sub_failure_domain` (String) SubFailureDomain the name of the sub-failure domain
- `target_size_ratio` (Number) TargetSizeRatio gives a hint (%) to Ceph in terms of expected consumption of the total cluster capacity

<a id="nestedatt--spec--data_pool--replicated--hybrid_storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.data_pool.replicated.target_size_ratio`

Required:

- `primary_device_class` (String) PrimaryDeviceClass represents high performance tier (for example SSD or NVME) for Primary OSD
- `secondary_device_class` (String) SecondaryDeviceClass represents low performance tier (for example HDDs) for remaining OSDs



<a id="nestedatt--spec--data_pool--status_check"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.data_pool.status_check`

Optional:

- `mirror` (Attributes) HealthCheckSpec represents the health check of an object store bucket (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--data_pool--status_check--mirror))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--data_pool--status_check--mirror"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.data_pool.status_check.mirror`

Optional:

- `disabled` (Boolean)
- `interval` (String) Interval is the internal in second or minute for the health check to run like 60s for 60 seconds
- `timeout` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--spec--gateway"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.gateway`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) The annotations-related configuration to add/set on each Pod related object.
- `ca_bundle_ref` (String) The name of the secret that stores custom ca-bundle with root and intermediate certificates.
- `dashboard_enabled` (Boolean) Whether rgw dashboard is enabled for the rgw daemon. If not set, the rgw dashboard will be enabled.
- `disable_multisite_sync_traffic` (Boolean) DisableMultisiteSyncTraffic, when true, prevents this object store's gateways from transmitting multisite replication data. Note that this value does not affect whether gateways receive multisite replication traffic: see ObjectZone.spec.customEndpoints for that. If false or unset, this object store's gateways will be able to transmit multisite replication data.
- `external_rgw_endpoints` (Attributes List) ExternalRgwEndpoints points to external RGW endpoint(s). Multiple endpoints can be given, but for stability of ObjectBucketClaims, we highly recommend that users give only a single external RGW endpoint that is a load balancer that sends requests to the multiple RGWs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--gateway--external_rgw_endpoints))
- `host_network` (Boolean) Whether host networking is enabled for the rgw daemon. If not set, the network settings from the cluster CR will be applied.
- `instances` (Number) The number of pods in the rgw replicaset.
- `labels` (Map of String) The labels-related configuration to add/set on each Pod related object.
- `placement` (Attributes) The affinity to place the rgw pods (default is to place on any available node) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement))
- `port` (Number) The port the rgw service will be listening on (http)
- `priority_class_name` (String) PriorityClassName sets priority classes on the rgw pods
- `resources` (Attributes) The resource requirements for the rgw pods (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--gateway--resources))
- `secure_port` (Number) The port the rgw service will be listening on (https)
- `service` (Attributes) The configuration related to add/set on each rgw service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--gateway--service))
- `ssl_certificate_ref` (String) The name of the secret that stores the ssl certificate for secure rgw connections

<a id="nestedatt--spec--gateway--external_rgw_endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.gateway.external_rgw_endpoints`

Optional:

- `hostname` (String) The DNS-addressable Hostname of this endpoint. This field will be preferred over IP if both are given.
- `ip` (String) The IP of this endpoint. As a legacy behavior, this supports being given a DNS-adressable hostname as well.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.gateway.placement`

Optional:

- `node_affinity` (Attributes) NodeAffinity is a group of node affinity scheduling rules (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--node_affinity))
- `pod_affinity` (Attributes) PodAffinity is a group of inter pod affinity scheduling rules (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--pod_affinity))
- `pod_anti_affinity` (Attributes) PodAntiAffinity is a group of inter pod anti affinity scheduling rules (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--pod_anti_affinity))
- `tolerations` (Attributes List) The pod this Toleration is attached to tolerates any taint that matches the triple <key,value,effect> using the matching operator <operator> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--tolerations))
- `topology_spread_constraints` (Attributes List) TopologySpreadConstraint specifies how to spread matching pods among the given topology (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--node_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.gateway.placement.topology_spread_constraints`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) The scheduler will prefer to schedule pods to nodes that satisfy the affinity expressions specified by this field, but it may choose a node that violates one or more of the expressions. The node that is most preferred is the one with the greatest sum of weights, i.e. for each node that meets all of the scheduling requirements (resource request, requiredDuringScheduling affinity expressions, etc.), compute a sum by iterating through the elements of this field and adding 'weight' to the sum if the node matches the corresponding matchExpressions; the node(s) with the highest sum are the most preferred. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes) If the affinity requirements specified by this field are not met at scheduling time, the pod will not be scheduled onto the node. If the affinity requirements specified by this field cease to be met at some point during pod execution (e.g. due to an update), the system may or may not try to eventually evict the pod from its node. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.gateway.placement.topology_spread_constraints.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `preference` (Attributes) A node selector term, associated with the corresponding weight. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference))
- `weight` (Number) Weight associated with matching the corresponding nodeSelectorTerm, in the range 1-100.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.gateway.placement.topology_spread_constraints.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's labels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--match_expressions))
- `match_fields` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--match_fields))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.gateway.placement.topology_spread_constraints.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.gateway.placement.topology_spread_constraints.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.gateway.placement.topology_spread_constraints.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `node_selector_terms` (Attributes List) Required. A list of node selector terms. The terms are ORed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.gateway.placement.topology_spread_constraints.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's labels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_expressions))
- `match_fields` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_fields))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.gateway.placement.topology_spread_constraints.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.gateway.placement.topology_spread_constraints.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--pod_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.gateway.placement.topology_spread_constraints`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) The scheduler will prefer to schedule pods to nodes that satisfy the affinity expressions specified by this field, but it may choose a node that violates one or more of the expressions. The node that is most preferred is the one with the greatest sum of weights, i.e. for each node that meets all of the scheduling requirements (resource request, requiredDuringScheduling affinity expressions, etc.), compute a sum by iterating through the elements of this field and adding 'weight' to the sum if the node has pods which matches the corresponding podAffinityTerm; the node(s) with the highest sum are the most preferred. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) If the affinity requirements specified by this field are not met at scheduling time, the pod will not be scheduled onto the node. If the affinity requirements specified by this field cease to be met at some point during pod execution (e.g. due to a pod label update), the system may or may not try to eventually evict the pod from its node. When there are multiple elements, the lists of nodes corresponding to each podAffinityTerm are intersected, i.e. all terms must be satisfied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.gateway.placement.topology_spread_constraints.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `pod_affinity_term` (Attributes) Required. A pod affinity term, associated with the corresponding weight. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term))
- `weight` (Number) weight associated with matching the corresponding podAffinityTerm, in the range 1-100.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.gateway.placement.topology_spread_constraints.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matching the labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a node whose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of the selected pods is running. Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--label_selector))
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) A label query over the set of namespaces that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces selected by this field and the ones listed in the namespaces field. null selector and null or empty namespaces list means 'this pod's namespace'. An empty selector ({}) matches all namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies a static list of namespace names that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces listed in this field and the ones selected by namespaceSelector. null or empty namespaces list and null namespaceSelector means 'this pod's namespace'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.gateway.placement.topology_spread_constraints.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.namespaces`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespaces--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespaces--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.gateway.placement.topology_spread_constraints.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.namespaces.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.gateway.placement.topology_spread_constraints.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.namespaces`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespaces--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespaces--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.gateway.placement.topology_spread_constraints.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.namespaces.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.gateway.placement.topology_spread_constraints.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matching the labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a node whose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of the selected pods is running. Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector))
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) A label query over the set of namespaces that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces selected by this field and the ones listed in the namespaces field. null selector and null or empty namespaces list means 'this pod's namespace'. An empty selector ({}) matches all namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies a static list of namespace names that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces listed in this field and the ones selected by namespaceSelector. null or empty namespaces list and null namespaceSelector means 'this pod's namespace'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.gateway.placement.topology_spread_constraints.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespaces`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespaces--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespaces--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.gateway.placement.topology_spread_constraints.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespaces.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.gateway.placement.topology_spread_constraints.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespaces`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespaces--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespaces--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.gateway.placement.topology_spread_constraints.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespaces.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--pod_anti_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.gateway.placement.topology_spread_constraints`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) The scheduler will prefer to schedule pods to nodes that satisfy the anti-affinity expressions specified by this field, but it may choose a node that violates one or more of the expressions. The node that is most preferred is the one with the greatest sum of weights, i.e. for each node that meets all of the scheduling requirements (resource request, requiredDuringScheduling anti-affinity expressions, etc.), compute a sum by iterating through the elements of this field and adding 'weight' to the sum if the node has pods which matches the corresponding podAffinityTerm; the node(s) with the highest sum are the most preferred. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) If the anti-affinity requirements specified by this field are not met at scheduling time, the pod will not be scheduled onto the node. If the anti-affinity requirements specified by this field cease to be met at some point during pod execution (e.g. due to a pod label update), the system may or may not try to eventually evict the pod from its node. When there are multiple elements, the lists of nodes corresponding to each podAffinityTerm are intersected, i.e. all terms must be satisfied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.gateway.placement.topology_spread_constraints.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `pod_affinity_term` (Attributes) Required. A pod affinity term, associated with the corresponding weight. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term))
- `weight` (Number) weight associated with matching the corresponding podAffinityTerm, in the range 1-100.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.gateway.placement.topology_spread_constraints.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matching the labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a node whose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of the selected pods is running. Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--label_selector))
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) A label query over the set of namespaces that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces selected by this field and the ones listed in the namespaces field. null selector and null or empty namespaces list means 'this pod's namespace'. An empty selector ({}) matches all namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies a static list of namespace names that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces listed in this field and the ones selected by namespaceSelector. null or empty namespaces list and null namespaceSelector means 'this pod's namespace'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.gateway.placement.topology_spread_constraints.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.namespaces`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespaces--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespaces--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.gateway.placement.topology_spread_constraints.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.namespaces.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.gateway.placement.topology_spread_constraints.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.namespaces`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespaces--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespaces--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.gateway.placement.topology_spread_constraints.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.namespaces.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.gateway.placement.topology_spread_constraints.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matching the labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a node whose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of the selected pods is running. Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector))
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) A label query over the set of namespaces that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces selected by this field and the ones listed in the namespaces field. null selector and null or empty namespaces list means 'this pod's namespace'. An empty selector ({}) matches all namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies a static list of namespace names that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces listed in this field and the ones selected by namespaceSelector. null or empty namespaces list and null namespaceSelector means 'this pod's namespace'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.gateway.placement.topology_spread_constraints.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespaces`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespaces--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespaces--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.gateway.placement.topology_spread_constraints.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespaces.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.gateway.placement.topology_spread_constraints.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespaces`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespaces--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespaces--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.gateway.placement.topology_spread_constraints.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespaces.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--tolerations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.gateway.placement.topology_spread_constraints`

Optional:

- `effect` (String) Effect indicates the taint effect to match. Empty means match all taint effects. When specified, allowed values are NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Key is the taint key that the toleration applies to. Empty means match all taint keys. If the key is empty, operator must be Exists; this combination means to match all values and all keys.
- `operator` (String) Operator represents a key's relationship to the value. Valid operators are Exists and Equal. Defaults to Equal. Exists is equivalent to wildcard for value, so that a pod can tolerate all taints of a particular category.
- `toleration_seconds` (Number) TolerationSeconds represents the period of time the toleration (which must be of effect NoExecute, otherwise this field is ignored) tolerates the taint. By default, it is not set, which means tolerate the taint forever (do not evict). Zero and negative values will be treated as 0 (evict immediately) by the system.
- `value` (String) Value is the taint value the toleration matches to. If the operator is Exists, the value should be empty, otherwise just a regular string.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.gateway.placement.topology_spread_constraints`

Required:

- `max_skew` (Number) MaxSkew describes the degree to which pods may be unevenly distributed. When 'whenUnsatisfiable=DoNotSchedule', it is the maximum permitted difference between the number of matching pods in the target topology and the global minimum. The global minimum is the minimum number of matching pods in an eligible domain or zero if the number of eligible domains is less than MinDomains. For example, in a 3-zone cluster, MaxSkew is set to 1, and pods with the same labelSelector spread as 2/2/1: In this case, the global minimum is 1. | zone1 | zone2 | zone3 | |  P P  |  P P  |   P   | - if MaxSkew is 1, incoming pod can only be scheduled to zone3 to become 2/2/2; scheduling it onto zone1(zone2) would make the ActualSkew(3-1) on zone1(zone2) violate MaxSkew(1). - if MaxSkew is 2, incoming pod can be scheduled onto any zone. When 'whenUnsatisfiable=ScheduleAnyway', it is used to give higher precedence to topologies that satisfy it. It's a required field. Default value is 1 and 0 is not allowed.
- `topology_key` (String) TopologyKey is the key of node labels. Nodes that have a label with this key and identical values are considered to be in the same topology. We consider each <key, value> as a 'bucket', and try to put balanced number of pods into each bucket. We define a domain as a particular instance of a topology. Also, we define an eligible domain as a domain whose nodes meet the requirements of nodeAffinityPolicy and nodeTaintsPolicy. e.g. If TopologyKey is 'kubernetes.io/hostname', each Node is a domain of that topology. And, if TopologyKey is 'topology.kubernetes.io/zone', each zone is a domain of that topology. It's a required field.
- `when_unsatisfiable` (String) WhenUnsatisfiable indicates how to deal with a pod if it doesn't satisfy the spread constraint. - DoNotSchedule (default) tells the scheduler not to schedule it. - ScheduleAnyway tells the scheduler to schedule the pod in any location, but giving higher precedence to topologies that would help reduce the skew. A constraint is considered 'Unsatisfiable' for an incoming pod if and only if every possible node assignment for that pod would violate 'MaxSkew' on some topology. For example, in a 3-zone cluster, MaxSkew is set to 1, and pods with the same labelSelector spread as 3/1/1: | zone1 | zone2 | zone3 | | P P P |   P   |   P   | If WhenUnsatisfiable is set to DoNotSchedule, incoming pod can only be scheduled to zone2(zone3) to become 3/2/1(3/1/2) as ActualSkew(2-1) on zone2(zone3) satisfies MaxSkew(1). In other words, the cluster can still be imbalanced, but scheduler won't make it *more* imbalanced. It's a required field.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) LabelSelector is used to find matching pods. Pods that match this label selector are counted to determine the number of pods in their corresponding topology domain. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--label_selector))
- `match_label_keys` (List of String) MatchLabelKeys is a set of pod label keys to select the pods over which spreading will be calculated. The keys are used to lookup values from the incoming pod labels, those key-value labels are ANDed with labelSelector to select the group of existing pods over which spreading will be calculated for the incoming pod. The same key is forbidden to exist in both MatchLabelKeys and LabelSelector. MatchLabelKeys cannot be set when LabelSelector isn't set. Keys that don't exist in the incoming pod labels will be ignored. A null or empty list means only match against labelSelector.  This is a beta field and requires the MatchLabelKeysInPodTopologySpread feature gate to be enabled (enabled by default).
- `min_domains` (Number) MinDomains indicates a minimum number of eligible domains. When the number of eligible domains with matching topology keys is less than minDomains, Pod Topology Spread treats 'global minimum' as 0, and then the calculation of Skew is performed. And when the number of eligible domains with matching topology keys equals or greater than minDomains, this value has no effect on scheduling. As a result, when the number of eligible domains is less than minDomains, scheduler won't schedule more than maxSkew Pods to those domains. If value is nil, the constraint behaves as if MinDomains is equal to 1. Valid values are integers greater than 0. When value is not nil, WhenUnsatisfiable must be DoNotSchedule.  For example, in a 3-zone cluster, MaxSkew is set to 2, MinDomains is set to 5 and pods with the same labelSelector spread as 2/2/2: | zone1 | zone2 | zone3 | |  P P  |  P P  |  P P  | The number of domains is less than 5(MinDomains), so 'global minimum' is treated as 0. In this situation, new pod with the same labelSelector cannot be scheduled, because computed skew will be 3(3 - 0) if new Pod is scheduled to any of the three zones, it will violate MaxSkew.  This is a beta field and requires the MinDomainsInPodTopologySpread feature gate to be enabled (enabled by default).
- `node_affinity_policy` (String) NodeAffinityPolicy indicates how we will treat Pod's nodeAffinity/nodeSelector when calculating pod topology spread skew. Options are: - Honor: only nodes matching nodeAffinity/nodeSelector are included in the calculations. - Ignore: nodeAffinity/nodeSelector are ignored. All nodes are included in the calculations.  If this value is nil, the behavior is equivalent to the Honor policy. This is a beta-level feature default enabled by the NodeInclusionPolicyInPodTopologySpread feature flag.
- `node_taints_policy` (String) NodeTaintsPolicy indicates how we will treat node taints when calculating pod topology spread skew. Options are: - Honor: nodes without taints, along with tainted nodes for which the incoming pod has a toleration, are included. - Ignore: node taints are ignored. All nodes are included.  If this value is nil, the behavior is equivalent to the Ignore policy. This is a beta-level feature default enabled by the NodeInclusionPolicyInPodTopologySpread feature flag.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.gateway.placement.topology_spread_constraints.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--gateway--placement--topology_spread_constraints--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.gateway.placement.topology_spread_constraints.label_selector.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--gateway--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.gateway.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims, that are used by this container.  This is an alpha field and requires enabling the DynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.  This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--gateway--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--gateway--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.gateway.resources.requests`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims of the Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource available inside a container.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--gateway--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.gateway.service`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) The annotations-related configuration to add/set on each rgw service. nullable optional



<a id="nestedatt--spec--health_check"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.health_check`

Optional:

- `readiness_probe` (Attributes) ProbeSpec is a wrapper around Probe so it can be enabled or disabled for a Ceph daemon (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--health_check--readiness_probe))
- `startup_probe` (Attributes) ProbeSpec is a wrapper around Probe so it can be enabled or disabled for a Ceph daemon (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--health_check--startup_probe))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--health_check--readiness_probe"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.health_check.readiness_probe`

Optional:

- `disabled` (Boolean) Disabled determines whether probe is disable or not
- `probe` (Attributes) Probe describes a health check to be performed against a container to determine whether it is alive or ready to receive traffic. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--health_check--readiness_probe--probe))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--health_check--readiness_probe--probe"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.health_check.readiness_probe.probe`

Optional:

- `exec` (Attributes) Exec specifies the action to take. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--health_check--readiness_probe--probe--exec))
- `failure_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive failures for the probe to be considered failed after having succeeded. Defaults to 3. Minimum value is 1.
- `grpc` (Attributes) GRPC specifies an action involving a GRPC port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--health_check--readiness_probe--probe--grpc))
- `http_get` (Attributes) HTTPGet specifies the http request to perform. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--health_check--readiness_probe--probe--http_get))
- `initial_delay_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds after the container has started before liveness probes are initiated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle#container-probes
- `period_seconds` (Number) How often (in seconds) to perform the probe. Default to 10 seconds. Minimum value is 1.
- `success_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive successes for the probe to be considered successful after having failed. Defaults to 1. Must be 1 for liveness and startup. Minimum value is 1.
- `tcp_socket` (Attributes) TCPSocket specifies an action involving a TCP port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--health_check--readiness_probe--probe--tcp_socket))
- `termination_grace_period_seconds` (Number) Optional duration in seconds the pod needs to terminate gracefully upon probe failure. The grace period is the duration in seconds after the processes running in the pod are sent a termination signal and the time when the processes are forcibly halted with a kill signal. Set this value longer than the expected cleanup time for your process. If this value is nil, the pod's terminationGracePeriodSeconds will be used. Otherwise, this value overrides the value provided by the pod spec. Value must be non-negative integer. The value zero indicates stop immediately via the kill signal (no opportunity to shut down). This is a beta field and requires enabling ProbeTerminationGracePeriod feature gate. Minimum value is 1. spec.terminationGracePeriodSeconds is used if unset.
- `timeout_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds after which the probe times out. Defaults to 1 second. Minimum value is 1. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle#container-probes

<a id="nestedatt--spec--health_check--readiness_probe--probe--exec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.health_check.readiness_probe.probe.exec`

Optional:

- `command` (List of String) Command is the command line to execute inside the container, the working directory for the command  is root ('/') in the container's filesystem. The command is simply exec'd, it is not run inside a shell, so traditional shell instructions ('|', etc) won't work. To use a shell, you need to explicitly call out to that shell. Exit status of 0 is treated as live/healthy and non-zero is unhealthy.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--health_check--readiness_probe--probe--grpc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.health_check.readiness_probe.probe.grpc`

Required:

- `port` (Number) Port number of the gRPC service. Number must be in the range 1 to 65535.

Optional:

- `service` (String) Service is the name of the service to place in the gRPC HealthCheckRequest (see https://github.com/grpc/grpc/blob/master/doc/health-checking.md).  If this is not specified, the default behavior is defined by gRPC.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--health_check--readiness_probe--probe--http_get"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.health_check.readiness_probe.probe.http_get`

Required:

- `port` (String) Name or number of the port to access on the container. Number must be in the range 1 to 65535. Name must be an IANA_SVC_NAME.

Optional:

- `host` (String) Host name to connect to, defaults to the pod IP. You probably want to set 'Host' in httpHeaders instead.
- `http_headers` (Attributes List) Custom headers to set in the request. HTTP allows repeated headers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--health_check--readiness_probe--probe--http_get--http_headers))
- `path` (String) Path to access on the HTTP server.
- `scheme` (String) Scheme to use for connecting to the host. Defaults to HTTP.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--health_check--readiness_probe--probe--http_get--http_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.health_check.readiness_probe.probe.http_get.scheme`

Required:

- `name` (String) The header field name. This will be canonicalized upon output, so case-variant names will be understood as the same header.
- `value` (String) The header field value



<a id="nestedatt--spec--health_check--readiness_probe--probe--tcp_socket"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.health_check.readiness_probe.probe.tcp_socket`

Required:

- `port` (String) Number or name of the port to access on the container. Number must be in the range 1 to 65535. Name must be an IANA_SVC_NAME.

Optional:

- `host` (String) Optional: Host name to connect to, defaults to the pod IP.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--health_check--startup_probe"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.health_check.startup_probe`

Optional:

- `disabled` (Boolean) Disabled determines whether probe is disable or not
- `probe` (Attributes) Probe describes a health check to be performed against a container to determine whether it is alive or ready to receive traffic. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--health_check--startup_probe--probe))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--health_check--startup_probe--probe"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.health_check.startup_probe.probe`

Optional:

- `exec` (Attributes) Exec specifies the action to take. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--health_check--startup_probe--probe--exec))
- `failure_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive failures for the probe to be considered failed after having succeeded. Defaults to 3. Minimum value is 1.
- `grpc` (Attributes) GRPC specifies an action involving a GRPC port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--health_check--startup_probe--probe--grpc))
- `http_get` (Attributes) HTTPGet specifies the http request to perform. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--health_check--startup_probe--probe--http_get))
- `initial_delay_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds after the container has started before liveness probes are initiated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle#container-probes
- `period_seconds` (Number) How often (in seconds) to perform the probe. Default to 10 seconds. Minimum value is 1.
- `success_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive successes for the probe to be considered successful after having failed. Defaults to 1. Must be 1 for liveness and startup. Minimum value is 1.
- `tcp_socket` (Attributes) TCPSocket specifies an action involving a TCP port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--health_check--startup_probe--probe--tcp_socket))
- `termination_grace_period_seconds` (Number) Optional duration in seconds the pod needs to terminate gracefully upon probe failure. The grace period is the duration in seconds after the processes running in the pod are sent a termination signal and the time when the processes are forcibly halted with a kill signal. Set this value longer than the expected cleanup time for your process. If this value is nil, the pod's terminationGracePeriodSeconds will be used. Otherwise, this value overrides the value provided by the pod spec. Value must be non-negative integer. The value zero indicates stop immediately via the kill signal (no opportunity to shut down). This is a beta field and requires enabling ProbeTerminationGracePeriod feature gate. Minimum value is 1. spec.terminationGracePeriodSeconds is used if unset.
- `timeout_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds after which the probe times out. Defaults to 1 second. Minimum value is 1. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle#container-probes

<a id="nestedatt--spec--health_check--startup_probe--probe--exec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.health_check.startup_probe.probe.exec`

Optional:

- `command` (List of String) Command is the command line to execute inside the container, the working directory for the command  is root ('/') in the container's filesystem. The command is simply exec'd, it is not run inside a shell, so traditional shell instructions ('|', etc) won't work. To use a shell, you need to explicitly call out to that shell. Exit status of 0 is treated as live/healthy and non-zero is unhealthy.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--health_check--startup_probe--probe--grpc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.health_check.startup_probe.probe.grpc`

Required:

- `port` (Number) Port number of the gRPC service. Number must be in the range 1 to 65535.

Optional:

- `service` (String) Service is the name of the service to place in the gRPC HealthCheckRequest (see https://github.com/grpc/grpc/blob/master/doc/health-checking.md).  If this is not specified, the default behavior is defined by gRPC.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--health_check--startup_probe--probe--http_get"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.health_check.startup_probe.probe.http_get`

Required:

- `port` (String) Name or number of the port to access on the container. Number must be in the range 1 to 65535. Name must be an IANA_SVC_NAME.

Optional:

- `host` (String) Host name to connect to, defaults to the pod IP. You probably want to set 'Host' in httpHeaders instead.
- `http_headers` (Attributes List) Custom headers to set in the request. HTTP allows repeated headers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--health_check--startup_probe--probe--http_get--http_headers))
- `path` (String) Path to access on the HTTP server.
- `scheme` (String) Scheme to use for connecting to the host. Defaults to HTTP.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--health_check--startup_probe--probe--http_get--http_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.health_check.startup_probe.probe.http_get.scheme`

Required:

- `name` (String) The header field name. This will be canonicalized upon output, so case-variant names will be understood as the same header.
- `value` (String) The header field value



<a id="nestedatt--spec--health_check--startup_probe--probe--tcp_socket"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.health_check.startup_probe.probe.tcp_socket`

Required:

- `port` (String) Number or name of the port to access on the container. Number must be in the range 1 to 65535. Name must be an IANA_SVC_NAME.

Optional:

- `host` (String) Optional: Host name to connect to, defaults to the pod IP.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--metadata_pool"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metadata_pool`

Optional:

- `compression_mode` (String) DEPRECATED: use Parameters instead, e.g., Parameters['compression_mode'] = 'force' The inline compression mode in Bluestore OSD to set to (options are: none, passive, aggressive, force) Do NOT set a default value for kubebuilder as this will override the Parameters
- `crush_root` (String) The root of the crush hierarchy utilized by the pool
- `device_class` (String) The device class the OSD should set to for use in the pool
- `enable_rbd_stats` (Boolean) EnableRBDStats is used to enable gathering of statistics for all RBD images in the pool
- `erasure_coded` (Attributes) The erasure code settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--metadata_pool--erasure_coded))
- `failure_domain` (String) The failure domain: osd/host/(region or zone if available) - technically also any type in the crush map
- `mirroring` (Attributes) The mirroring settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--metadata_pool--mirroring))
- `parameters` (Map of String) Parameters is a list of properties to enable on a given pool
- `quotas` (Attributes) The quota settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--metadata_pool--quotas))
- `replicated` (Attributes) The replication settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--metadata_pool--replicated))
- `status_check` (Attributes) The mirroring statusCheck (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--metadata_pool--status_check))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--metadata_pool--erasure_coded"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metadata_pool.erasure_coded`

Required:

- `coding_chunks` (Number) Number of coding chunks per object in an erasure coded storage pool (required for erasure-coded pool type). This is the number of OSDs that can be lost simultaneously before data cannot be recovered.
- `data_chunks` (Number) Number of data chunks per object in an erasure coded storage pool (required for erasure-coded pool type). The number of chunks required to recover an object when any single OSD is lost is the same as dataChunks so be aware that the larger the number of data chunks, the higher the cost of recovery.

Optional:

- `algorithm` (String) The algorithm for erasure coding


<a id="nestedatt--spec--metadata_pool--mirroring"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metadata_pool.mirroring`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled whether this pool is mirrored or not
- `mode` (String) Mode is the mirroring mode: either pool or image
- `peers` (Attributes) Peers represents the peers spec (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--metadata_pool--mirroring--peers))
- `snapshot_schedules` (Attributes List) SnapshotSchedules is the scheduling of snapshot for mirrored images/pools (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--metadata_pool--mirroring--snapshot_schedules))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--metadata_pool--mirroring--peers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metadata_pool.mirroring.snapshot_schedules`

Optional:

- `secret_names` (List of String) SecretNames represents the Kubernetes Secret names to add rbd-mirror or cephfs-mirror peers


<a id="nestedatt--spec--metadata_pool--mirroring--snapshot_schedules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metadata_pool.mirroring.snapshot_schedules`

Optional:

- `interval` (String) Interval represent the periodicity of the snapshot.
- `path` (String) Path is the path to snapshot, only valid for CephFS
- `start_time` (String) StartTime indicates when to start the snapshot



<a id="nestedatt--spec--metadata_pool--quotas"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metadata_pool.quotas`

Optional:

- `max_bytes` (Number) MaxBytes represents the quota in bytes Deprecated in favor of MaxSize
- `max_objects` (Number) MaxObjects represents the quota in objects
- `max_size` (String) MaxSize represents the quota in bytes as a string


<a id="nestedatt--spec--metadata_pool--replicated"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metadata_pool.replicated`

Required:

- `size` (Number) Size - Number of copies per object in a replicated storage pool, including the object itself (required for replicated pool type)

Optional:

- `hybrid_storage` (Attributes) HybridStorage represents hybrid storage tier settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--metadata_pool--replicated--hybrid_storage))
- `replicas_per_failure_domain` (Number) ReplicasPerFailureDomain the number of replica in the specified failure domain
- `require_safe_replica_size` (Boolean) RequireSafeReplicaSize if false allows you to set replica 1
- `sub_failure_domain` (String) SubFailureDomain the name of the sub-failure domain
- `target_size_ratio` (Number) TargetSizeRatio gives a hint (%) to Ceph in terms of expected consumption of the total cluster capacity

<a id="nestedatt--spec--metadata_pool--replicated--hybrid_storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metadata_pool.replicated.target_size_ratio`

Required:

- `primary_device_class` (String) PrimaryDeviceClass represents high performance tier (for example SSD or NVME) for Primary OSD
- `secondary_device_class` (String) SecondaryDeviceClass represents low performance tier (for example HDDs) for remaining OSDs



<a id="nestedatt--spec--metadata_pool--status_check"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metadata_pool.status_check`

Optional:

- `mirror` (Attributes) HealthCheckSpec represents the health check of an object store bucket (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--metadata_pool--status_check--mirror))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--metadata_pool--status_check--mirror"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metadata_pool.status_check.mirror`

Optional:

- `disabled` (Boolean)
- `interval` (String) Interval is the internal in second or minute for the health check to run like 60s for 60 seconds
- `timeout` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--spec--security"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security`

Optional:

- `key_rotation` (Attributes) KeyRotation defines options for Key Rotation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security--key_rotation))
- `kms` (Attributes) KeyManagementService is the main Key Management option (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security--kms))
- `s3` (Attributes) The settings for supporting AWS-SSE:S3 with RGW (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security--s3))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--security--key_rotation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security.key_rotation`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled represents whether the key rotation is enabled.
- `schedule` (String) Schedule represents the cron schedule for key rotation.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--security--kms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security.kms`

Optional:

- `connection_details` (Map of String) ConnectionDetails contains the KMS connection details (address, port etc)
- `token_secret_name` (String) TokenSecretName is the kubernetes secret containing the KMS token


<a id="nestedatt--spec--security--s3"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security.s3`

Optional:

- `connection_details` (Map of String) ConnectionDetails contains the KMS connection details (address, port etc)
- `token_secret_name` (String) TokenSecretName is the kubernetes secret containing the KMS token



<a id="nestedatt--spec--zone"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.zone`

Required:

- `name` (String) RGW Zone the Object Store is in
