---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_ceph_rook_io_ceph_block_pool_rados_namespace_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "ceph.rook.io"
description: |-
  CephBlockPoolRadosNamespace represents a Ceph BlockPool Rados Namespace
---

# k8s_ceph_rook_io_ceph_block_pool_rados_namespace_v1_manifest (Data Source)

CephBlockPoolRadosNamespace represents a Ceph BlockPool Rados Namespace

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_ceph_rook_io_ceph_block_pool_rados_namespace_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
  spec = {
    block_pool_name = "pool-b"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) Spec represents the specification of a Ceph BlockPool Rados Namespace (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `block_pool_name` (String) BlockPoolName is the name of Ceph BlockPool. Typically it's the name of the CephBlockPool CR.

Optional:

- `mirroring` (Attributes) Mirroring configuration of CephBlockPoolRadosNamespace (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mirroring))
- `name` (String) The name of the CephBlockPoolRadosNamespaceSpec namespace. If not set, the default is the name of the CR.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--mirroring"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mirroring`

Required:

- `mode` (String) Mode is the mirroring mode; either pool or image

Optional:

- `remote_namespace` (String) RemoteNamespace is the name of the CephBlockPoolRadosNamespace on the secondary cluster CephBlockPool
- `snapshot_schedules` (Attributes List) SnapshotSchedules is the scheduling of snapshot for mirrored images (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mirroring--snapshot_schedules))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--mirroring--snapshot_schedules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mirroring.snapshot_schedules`

Optional:

- `interval` (String) Interval represent the periodicity of the snapshot.
- `path` (String) Path is the path to snapshot, only valid for CephFS
- `start_time` (String) StartTime indicates when to start the snapshot
