---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_ceph_rook_io_ceph_cluster_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "ceph.rook.io"
description: |-
  CephCluster is a Ceph storage cluster
---

# k8s_ceph_rook_io_ceph_cluster_v1_manifest (Data Source)

CephCluster is a Ceph storage cluster

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_ceph_rook_io_ceph_cluster_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
  spec = {}
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) ClusterSpec represents the specification of Ceph Cluster (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) The annotations-related configuration to add/set on each Pod related object.
- `ceph_config` (Map of Map of String) Ceph Config options
- `ceph_version` (Attributes) The version information that instructs Rook to orchestrate a particular version of Ceph. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ceph_version))
- `cleanup_policy` (Attributes) Indicates user intent when deleting a cluster; blocks orchestration and should not be set if cluster deletion is not imminent. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cleanup_policy))
- `continue_upgrade_after_checks_even_if_not_healthy` (Boolean) ContinueUpgradeAfterChecksEvenIfNotHealthy defines if an upgrade should continue even if PGs are not clean
- `crash_collector` (Attributes) A spec for the crash controller (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--crash_collector))
- `csi` (Attributes) CSI Driver Options applied per cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--csi))
- `dashboard` (Attributes) Dashboard settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--dashboard))
- `data_dir_host_path` (String) The path on the host where config and data can be persisted
- `disruption_management` (Attributes) A spec for configuring disruption management. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--disruption_management))
- `external` (Attributes) Whether the Ceph Cluster is running external to this Kubernetes cluster mon, mgr, osd, mds, and discover daemons will not be created for external clusters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--external))
- `health_check` (Attributes) Internal daemon healthchecks and liveness probe (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--health_check))
- `labels` (Map of String) The labels-related configuration to add/set on each Pod related object.
- `log_collector` (Attributes) Logging represents loggings settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--log_collector))
- `mgr` (Attributes) A spec for mgr related options (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mgr))
- `mon` (Attributes) A spec for mon related options (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mon))
- `monitoring` (Attributes) Prometheus based Monitoring settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--monitoring))
- `network` (Attributes) Network related configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network))
- `placement` (Map of String)
- `priority_class_names` (Map of String) PriorityClassNames sets priority classes on components
- `remove_os_ds_if_out_and_safe_to_remove` (Boolean) Remove the OSD that is out and safe to remove only if this option is true
- `resources` (Map of String) Resources set resource requests and limits
- `security` (Attributes) Security represents security settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security))
- `skip_upgrade_checks` (Boolean) SkipUpgradeChecks defines if an upgrade should be forced even if one of the check fails
- `storage` (Attributes) A spec for available storage in the cluster and how it should be used (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage))
- `upgrade_osd_requires_healthy_p_gs` (Boolean) UpgradeOSDRequiresHealthyPGs defines if OSD upgrade requires PGs are clean. If set to 'true' OSD upgrade process won't start until PGs are healthy. This configuration will be ignored if 'skipUpgradeChecks' is 'true'. Default is false.
- `wait_timeout_for_healthy_osd_in_minutes` (Number) WaitTimeoutForHealthyOSDInMinutes defines the time the operator would wait before an OSD can be stopped for upgrade or restart. If the timeout exceeds and OSD is not ok to stop, then the operator would skip upgrade for the current OSD and proceed with the next one if 'continueUpgradeAfterChecksEvenIfNotHealthy' is 'false'. If 'continueUpgradeAfterChecksEvenIfNotHealthy' is 'true', then operator would continue with the upgrade of an OSD even if its not ok to stop after the timeout. This timeout won't be applied if 'skipUpgradeChecks' is 'true'. The default wait timeout is 10 minutes.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--ceph_version"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ceph_version`

Optional:

- `allow_unsupported` (Boolean) Whether to allow unsupported versions (do not set to true in production)
- `image` (String) Image is the container image used to launch the ceph daemons, such as quay.io/ceph/ceph:<tag> The full list of images can be found at https://quay.io/repository/ceph/ceph?tab=tags
- `image_pull_policy` (String) ImagePullPolicy describes a policy for if/when to pull a container image One of Always, Never, IfNotPresent.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--cleanup_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cleanup_policy`

Optional:

- `allow_uninstall_with_volumes` (Boolean) AllowUninstallWithVolumes defines whether we can proceed with the uninstall if they are RBD images still present
- `confirmation` (String) Confirmation represents the cleanup confirmation
- `sanitize_disks` (Attributes) SanitizeDisks represents way we sanitize disks (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cleanup_policy--sanitize_disks))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cleanup_policy--sanitize_disks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cleanup_policy.sanitize_disks`

Optional:

- `data_source` (String) DataSource is the data source to use to sanitize the disk with
- `iteration` (Number) Iteration is the number of pass to apply the sanitizing
- `method` (String) Method is the method we use to sanitize disks



<a id="nestedatt--spec--crash_collector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.crash_collector`

Optional:

- `days_to_retain` (Number) DaysToRetain represents the number of days to retain crash until they get pruned
- `disable` (Boolean) Disable determines whether we should enable the crash collector


<a id="nestedatt--spec--csi"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.csi`

Optional:

- `cephfs` (Attributes) CephFS defines CSI Driver settings for CephFS driver. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--csi--cephfs))
- `read_affinity` (Attributes) ReadAffinity defines the read affinity settings for CSI driver. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--csi--read_affinity))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--csi--cephfs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.csi.cephfs`

Optional:

- `fuse_mount_options` (String) FuseMountOptions defines the mount options for ceph fuse mounter.
- `kernel_mount_options` (String) KernelMountOptions defines the mount options for kernel mounter.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--csi--read_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.csi.read_affinity`

Optional:

- `crush_location_labels` (List of String) CrushLocationLabels defines which node labels to use as CRUSH location. This should correspond to the values set in the CRUSH map.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables read affinity for CSI driver.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--dashboard"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.dashboard`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled determines whether to enable the dashboard
- `port` (Number) Port is the dashboard webserver port
- `prometheus_endpoint` (String) Endpoint for the Prometheus host
- `prometheus_endpoint_ssl_verify` (Boolean) Whether to verify the ssl endpoint for prometheus. Set to false for a self-signed cert.
- `ssl` (Boolean) SSL determines whether SSL should be used
- `url_prefix` (String) URLPrefix is a prefix for all URLs to use the dashboard with a reverse proxy


<a id="nestedatt--spec--disruption_management"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.disruption_management`

Optional:

- `machine_disruption_budget_namespace` (String) Deprecated. Namespace to look for MDBs by the machineDisruptionBudgetController
- `manage_machine_disruption_budgets` (Boolean) Deprecated. This enables management of machinedisruptionbudgets.
- `manage_pod_budgets` (Boolean) This enables management of poddisruptionbudgets
- `osd_maintenance_timeout` (Number) OSDMaintenanceTimeout sets how many additional minutes the DOWN/OUT interval is for drained failure domains it only works if managePodBudgets is true. the default is 30 minutes
- `pg_health_check_timeout` (Number) PGHealthCheckTimeout is the time (in minutes) that the operator will wait for the placement groups to become healthy (active+clean) after a drain was completed and OSDs came back up. Rook will continue with the next drain if the timeout exceeds. It only works if managePodBudgets is true. No values or 0 means that the operator will wait until the placement groups are healthy before unblocking the next drain.
- `pg_healthy_regex` (String) PgHealthyRegex is the regular expression that is used to determine which PG states should be considered healthy. The default is '^(active+clean|active+clean+scrubbing|active+clean+scrubbing+deep)$'


<a id="nestedatt--spec--external"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external`

Optional:

- `enable` (Boolean) Enable determines whether external mode is enabled or not


<a id="nestedatt--spec--health_check"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.health_check`

Optional:

- `daemon_health` (Attributes) DaemonHealth is the health check for a given daemon (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--health_check--daemon_health))
- `liveness_probe` (Attributes) LivenessProbe allows changing the livenessProbe configuration for a given daemon (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--health_check--liveness_probe))
- `startup_probe` (Attributes) StartupProbe allows changing the startupProbe configuration for a given daemon (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--health_check--startup_probe))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--health_check--daemon_health"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.health_check.daemon_health`

Optional:

- `mon` (Attributes) Monitor represents the health check settings for the Ceph monitor (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--health_check--daemon_health--mon))
- `osd` (Attributes) ObjectStorageDaemon represents the health check settings for the Ceph OSDs (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--health_check--daemon_health--osd))
- `status` (Attributes) Status represents the health check settings for the Ceph health (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--health_check--daemon_health--status))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--health_check--daemon_health--mon"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.health_check.daemon_health.mon`

Optional:

- `disabled` (Boolean)
- `interval` (String) Interval is the internal in second or minute for the health check to run like 60s for 60 seconds
- `timeout` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--health_check--daemon_health--osd"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.health_check.daemon_health.osd`

Optional:

- `disabled` (Boolean)
- `interval` (String) Interval is the internal in second or minute for the health check to run like 60s for 60 seconds
- `timeout` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--health_check--daemon_health--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.health_check.daemon_health.status`

Optional:

- `disabled` (Boolean)
- `interval` (String) Interval is the internal in second or minute for the health check to run like 60s for 60 seconds
- `timeout` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--health_check--liveness_probe"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.health_check.liveness_probe`

Optional:

- `disabled` (Boolean) Disabled determines whether probe is disable or not
- `probe` (Attributes) Probe describes a health check to be performed against a container to determine whether it is alive or ready to receive traffic. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--health_check--liveness_probe--probe))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--health_check--liveness_probe--probe"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.health_check.liveness_probe.probe`

Optional:

- `exec` (Attributes) Exec specifies the action to take. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--health_check--liveness_probe--probe--exec))
- `failure_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive failures for the probe to be considered failed after having succeeded. Defaults to 3. Minimum value is 1.
- `grpc` (Attributes) GRPC specifies an action involving a GRPC port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--health_check--liveness_probe--probe--grpc))
- `http_get` (Attributes) HTTPGet specifies the http request to perform. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--health_check--liveness_probe--probe--http_get))
- `initial_delay_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds after the container has started before liveness probes are initiated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle#container-probes
- `period_seconds` (Number) How often (in seconds) to perform the probe. Default to 10 seconds. Minimum value is 1.
- `success_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive successes for the probe to be considered successful after having failed. Defaults to 1. Must be 1 for liveness and startup. Minimum value is 1.
- `tcp_socket` (Attributes) TCPSocket specifies an action involving a TCP port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--health_check--liveness_probe--probe--tcp_socket))
- `termination_grace_period_seconds` (Number)
- `timeout_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds after which the probe times out. Defaults to 1 second. Minimum value is 1. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle#container-probes

<a id="nestedatt--spec--health_check--liveness_probe--probe--exec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.health_check.liveness_probe.probe.exec`

Optional:

- `command` (List of String) Command is the command line to execute inside the container, the working directory for the command is root ('/') in the container's filesystem. The command is simply exec'd, it is not run inside a shell, so traditional shell instructions ('|', etc) won't work. To use a shell, you need to explicitly call out to that shell. Exit status of 0 is treated as live/healthy and non-zero is unhealthy.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--health_check--liveness_probe--probe--grpc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.health_check.liveness_probe.probe.grpc`

Required:

- `port` (Number) Port number of the gRPC service. Number must be in the range 1 to 65535.

Optional:

- `service` (String) Service is the name of the service to place in the gRPC HealthCheckRequest (see https://github.com/grpc/grpc/blob/master/doc/health-checking.md). If this is not specified, the default behavior is defined by gRPC.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--health_check--liveness_probe--probe--http_get"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.health_check.liveness_probe.probe.http_get`

Required:

- `port` (String) Name or number of the port to access on the container. Number must be in the range 1 to 65535. Name must be an IANA_SVC_NAME.

Optional:

- `host` (String) Host name to connect to, defaults to the pod IP. You probably want to set 'Host' in httpHeaders instead.
- `http_headers` (Attributes List) Custom headers to set in the request. HTTP allows repeated headers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--health_check--liveness_probe--probe--http_get--http_headers))
- `path` (String) Path to access on the HTTP server.
- `scheme` (String) Scheme to use for connecting to the host. Defaults to HTTP.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--health_check--liveness_probe--probe--http_get--http_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.health_check.liveness_probe.probe.http_get.http_headers`

Required:

- `name` (String) The header field name. This will be canonicalized upon output, so case-variant names will be understood as the same header.
- `value` (String) The header field value



<a id="nestedatt--spec--health_check--liveness_probe--probe--tcp_socket"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.health_check.liveness_probe.probe.tcp_socket`

Required:

- `port` (String) Number or name of the port to access on the container. Number must be in the range 1 to 65535. Name must be an IANA_SVC_NAME.

Optional:

- `host` (String) Optional: Host name to connect to, defaults to the pod IP.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--health_check--startup_probe"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.health_check.startup_probe`

Optional:

- `disabled` (Boolean) Disabled determines whether probe is disable or not
- `probe` (Attributes) Probe describes a health check to be performed against a container to determine whether it is alive or ready to receive traffic. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--health_check--startup_probe--probe))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--health_check--startup_probe--probe"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.health_check.startup_probe.probe`

Optional:

- `exec` (Attributes) Exec specifies the action to take. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--health_check--startup_probe--probe--exec))
- `failure_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive failures for the probe to be considered failed after having succeeded. Defaults to 3. Minimum value is 1.
- `grpc` (Attributes) GRPC specifies an action involving a GRPC port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--health_check--startup_probe--probe--grpc))
- `http_get` (Attributes) HTTPGet specifies the http request to perform. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--health_check--startup_probe--probe--http_get))
- `initial_delay_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds after the container has started before liveness probes are initiated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle#container-probes
- `period_seconds` (Number) How often (in seconds) to perform the probe. Default to 10 seconds. Minimum value is 1.
- `success_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive successes for the probe to be considered successful after having failed. Defaults to 1. Must be 1 for liveness and startup. Minimum value is 1.
- `tcp_socket` (Attributes) TCPSocket specifies an action involving a TCP port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--health_check--startup_probe--probe--tcp_socket))
- `termination_grace_period_seconds` (Number)
- `timeout_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds after which the probe times out. Defaults to 1 second. Minimum value is 1. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle#container-probes

<a id="nestedatt--spec--health_check--startup_probe--probe--exec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.health_check.startup_probe.probe.exec`

Optional:

- `command` (List of String) Command is the command line to execute inside the container, the working directory for the command is root ('/') in the container's filesystem. The command is simply exec'd, it is not run inside a shell, so traditional shell instructions ('|', etc) won't work. To use a shell, you need to explicitly call out to that shell. Exit status of 0 is treated as live/healthy and non-zero is unhealthy.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--health_check--startup_probe--probe--grpc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.health_check.startup_probe.probe.grpc`

Required:

- `port` (Number) Port number of the gRPC service. Number must be in the range 1 to 65535.

Optional:

- `service` (String) Service is the name of the service to place in the gRPC HealthCheckRequest (see https://github.com/grpc/grpc/blob/master/doc/health-checking.md). If this is not specified, the default behavior is defined by gRPC.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--health_check--startup_probe--probe--http_get"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.health_check.startup_probe.probe.http_get`

Required:

- `port` (String) Name or number of the port to access on the container. Number must be in the range 1 to 65535. Name must be an IANA_SVC_NAME.

Optional:

- `host` (String) Host name to connect to, defaults to the pod IP. You probably want to set 'Host' in httpHeaders instead.
- `http_headers` (Attributes List) Custom headers to set in the request. HTTP allows repeated headers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--health_check--startup_probe--probe--http_get--http_headers))
- `path` (String) Path to access on the HTTP server.
- `scheme` (String) Scheme to use for connecting to the host. Defaults to HTTP.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--health_check--startup_probe--probe--http_get--http_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.health_check.startup_probe.probe.http_get.http_headers`

Required:

- `name` (String) The header field name. This will be canonicalized upon output, so case-variant names will be understood as the same header.
- `value` (String) The header field value



<a id="nestedatt--spec--health_check--startup_probe--probe--tcp_socket"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.health_check.startup_probe.probe.tcp_socket`

Required:

- `port` (String) Number or name of the port to access on the container. Number must be in the range 1 to 65535. Name must be an IANA_SVC_NAME.

Optional:

- `host` (String) Optional: Host name to connect to, defaults to the pod IP.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--log_collector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.log_collector`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled represents whether the log collector is enabled
- `max_log_size` (String) MaxLogSize is the maximum size of the log per ceph daemons. Must be at least 1M.
- `periodicity` (String) Periodicity is the periodicity of the log rotation.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--mgr"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mgr`

Optional:

- `allow_multiple_per_node` (Boolean) AllowMultiplePerNode allows to run multiple managers on the same node (not recommended)
- `count` (Number) Count is the number of manager daemons to run
- `modules` (Attributes List) Modules is the list of ceph manager modules to enable/disable (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mgr--modules))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--mgr--modules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mgr.modules`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled determines whether a module should be enabled or not
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the ceph manager module
- `settings` (Attributes) Settings to further configure the module (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mgr--modules--settings))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--mgr--modules--settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mgr.modules.settings`

Optional:

- `balancer_mode` (String) BalancerMode sets the 'balancer' module with different modes like 'upmap', 'crush-compact' etc




<a id="nestedatt--spec--mon"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mon`

Optional:

- `allow_multiple_per_node` (Boolean) AllowMultiplePerNode determines if we can run multiple monitors on the same node (not recommended)
- `count` (Number) Count is the number of Ceph monitors
- `failure_domain_label` (String)
- `stretch_cluster` (Attributes) StretchCluster is the stretch cluster specification (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mon--stretch_cluster))
- `volume_claim_template` (Attributes) VolumeClaimTemplate is the PVC definition (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mon--volume_claim_template))
- `zones` (Attributes List) Zones are specified when we want to provide zonal awareness to mons (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mon--zones))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--mon--stretch_cluster"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mon.stretch_cluster`

Optional:

- `failure_domain_label` (String) FailureDomainLabel the failure domain name (e,g: zone)
- `sub_failure_domain` (String) SubFailureDomain is the failure domain within a zone
- `zones` (Attributes List) Zones is the list of zones (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mon--stretch_cluster--zones))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--mon--stretch_cluster--zones"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mon.stretch_cluster.zones`

Optional:

- `arbiter` (Boolean) Arbiter determines if the zone contains the arbiter used for stretch cluster mode
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the zone
- `volume_claim_template` (Attributes) VolumeClaimTemplate is the PVC template (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mon--stretch_cluster--zones--volume_claim_template))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--mon--stretch_cluster--zones--volume_claim_template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mon.stretch_cluster.zones.volume_claim_template`

Optional:

- `metadata` (Attributes) Standard object's metadata. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mon--stretch_cluster--zones--volume_claim_template--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) spec defines the desired characteristics of a volume requested by a pod author. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#persistentvolumeclaims (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mon--stretch_cluster--zones--volume_claim_template--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--mon--stretch_cluster--zones--volume_claim_template--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mon.stretch_cluster.zones.volume_claim_template.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `finalizers` (List of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--mon--stretch_cluster--zones--volume_claim_template--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mon.stretch_cluster.zones.volume_claim_template.spec`

Optional:

- `access_modes` (List of String) accessModes contains the desired access modes the volume should have. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#access-modes-1
- `data_source` (Attributes) dataSource field can be used to specify either: * An existing VolumeSnapshot object (snapshot.storage.k8s.io/VolumeSnapshot) * An existing PVC (PersistentVolumeClaim) If the provisioner or an external controller can support the specified data source, it will create a new volume based on the contents of the specified data source. When the AnyVolumeDataSource feature gate is enabled, dataSource contents will be copied to dataSourceRef, and dataSourceRef contents will be copied to dataSource when dataSourceRef.namespace is not specified. If the namespace is specified, then dataSourceRef will not be copied to dataSource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mon--stretch_cluster--zones--volume_claim_template--spec--data_source))
- `data_source_ref` (Attributes) dataSourceRef specifies the object from which to populate the volume with data, if a non-empty volume is desired. This may be any object from a non-empty API group (non core object) or a PersistentVolumeClaim object. When this field is specified, volume binding will only succeed if the type of the specified object matches some installed volume populator or dynamic provisioner. This field will replace the functionality of the dataSource field and as such if both fields are non-empty, they must have the same value. For backwards compatibility, when namespace isn't specified in dataSourceRef, both fields (dataSource and dataSourceRef) will be set to the same value automatically if one of them is empty and the other is non-empty. When namespace is specified in dataSourceRef, dataSource isn't set to the same value and must be empty. There are three important differences between dataSource and dataSourceRef: * While dataSource only allows two specific types of objects, dataSourceRef allows any non-core object, as well as PersistentVolumeClaim objects. * While dataSource ignores disallowed values (dropping them), dataSourceRef preserves all values, and generates an error if a disallowed value is specified. * While dataSource only allows local objects, dataSourceRef allows objects in any namespaces. (Beta) Using this field requires the AnyVolumeDataSource feature gate to be enabled. (Alpha) Using the namespace field of dataSourceRef requires the CrossNamespaceVolumeDataSource feature gate to be enabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mon--stretch_cluster--zones--volume_claim_template--spec--data_source_ref))
- `resources` (Attributes) resources represents the minimum resources the volume should have. If RecoverVolumeExpansionFailure feature is enabled users are allowed to specify resource requirements that are lower than previous value but must still be higher than capacity recorded in the status field of the claim. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#resources (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mon--stretch_cluster--zones--volume_claim_template--spec--resources))
- `selector` (Attributes) selector is a label query over volumes to consider for binding. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mon--stretch_cluster--zones--volume_claim_template--spec--selector))
- `storage_class_name` (String) storageClassName is the name of the StorageClass required by the claim. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#class-1
- `volume_attributes_class_name` (String) volumeAttributesClassName may be used to set the VolumeAttributesClass used by this claim. If specified, the CSI driver will create or update the volume with the attributes defined in the corresponding VolumeAttributesClass. This has a different purpose than storageClassName, it can be changed after the claim is created. An empty string value means that no VolumeAttributesClass will be applied to the claim but it's not allowed to reset this field to empty string once it is set. If unspecified and the PersistentVolumeClaim is unbound, the default VolumeAttributesClass will be set by the persistentvolume controller if it exists. If the resource referred to by volumeAttributesClass does not exist, this PersistentVolumeClaim will be set to a Pending state, as reflected by the modifyVolumeStatus field, until such as a resource exists. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volume-attributes-classes/ (Beta) Using this field requires the VolumeAttributesClass feature gate to be enabled (off by default).
- `volume_mode` (String) volumeMode defines what type of volume is required by the claim. Value of Filesystem is implied when not included in claim spec.
- `volume_name` (String) volumeName is the binding reference to the PersistentVolume backing this claim.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--mon--stretch_cluster--zones--volume_claim_template--spec--data_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mon.stretch_cluster.zones.volume_claim_template.spec.data_source`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind is the type of resource being referenced
- `name` (String) Name is the name of resource being referenced

Optional:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup is the group for the resource being referenced. If APIGroup is not specified, the specified Kind must be in the core API group. For any other third-party types, APIGroup is required.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--mon--stretch_cluster--zones--volume_claim_template--spec--data_source_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mon.stretch_cluster.zones.volume_claim_template.spec.data_source_ref`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind is the type of resource being referenced
- `name` (String) Name is the name of resource being referenced

Optional:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup is the group for the resource being referenced. If APIGroup is not specified, the specified Kind must be in the core API group. For any other third-party types, APIGroup is required.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of resource being referenced Note that when a namespace is specified, a gateway.networking.k8s.io/ReferenceGrant object is required in the referent namespace to allow that namespace's owner to accept the reference. See the ReferenceGrant documentation for details. (Alpha) This field requires the CrossNamespaceVolumeDataSource feature gate to be enabled.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--mon--stretch_cluster--zones--volume_claim_template--spec--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mon.stretch_cluster.zones.volume_claim_template.spec.resources`

Optional:

- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/


<a id="nestedatt--spec--mon--stretch_cluster--zones--volume_claim_template--spec--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mon.stretch_cluster.zones.volume_claim_template.spec.selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mon--stretch_cluster--zones--volume_claim_template--spec--selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--mon--stretch_cluster--zones--volume_claim_template--spec--selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mon.stretch_cluster.zones.volume_claim_template.spec.selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.







<a id="nestedatt--spec--mon--volume_claim_template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mon.volume_claim_template`

Optional:

- `metadata` (Attributes) Standard object's metadata. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mon--volume_claim_template--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) spec defines the desired characteristics of a volume requested by a pod author. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#persistentvolumeclaims (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mon--volume_claim_template--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--mon--volume_claim_template--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mon.volume_claim_template.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `finalizers` (List of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--mon--volume_claim_template--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mon.volume_claim_template.spec`

Optional:

- `access_modes` (List of String) accessModes contains the desired access modes the volume should have. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#access-modes-1
- `data_source` (Attributes) dataSource field can be used to specify either: * An existing VolumeSnapshot object (snapshot.storage.k8s.io/VolumeSnapshot) * An existing PVC (PersistentVolumeClaim) If the provisioner or an external controller can support the specified data source, it will create a new volume based on the contents of the specified data source. When the AnyVolumeDataSource feature gate is enabled, dataSource contents will be copied to dataSourceRef, and dataSourceRef contents will be copied to dataSource when dataSourceRef.namespace is not specified. If the namespace is specified, then dataSourceRef will not be copied to dataSource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mon--volume_claim_template--spec--data_source))
- `data_source_ref` (Attributes) dataSourceRef specifies the object from which to populate the volume with data, if a non-empty volume is desired. This may be any object from a non-empty API group (non core object) or a PersistentVolumeClaim object. When this field is specified, volume binding will only succeed if the type of the specified object matches some installed volume populator or dynamic provisioner. This field will replace the functionality of the dataSource field and as such if both fields are non-empty, they must have the same value. For backwards compatibility, when namespace isn't specified in dataSourceRef, both fields (dataSource and dataSourceRef) will be set to the same value automatically if one of them is empty and the other is non-empty. When namespace is specified in dataSourceRef, dataSource isn't set to the same value and must be empty. There are three important differences between dataSource and dataSourceRef: * While dataSource only allows two specific types of objects, dataSourceRef allows any non-core object, as well as PersistentVolumeClaim objects. * While dataSource ignores disallowed values (dropping them), dataSourceRef preserves all values, and generates an error if a disallowed value is specified. * While dataSource only allows local objects, dataSourceRef allows objects in any namespaces. (Beta) Using this field requires the AnyVolumeDataSource feature gate to be enabled. (Alpha) Using the namespace field of dataSourceRef requires the CrossNamespaceVolumeDataSource feature gate to be enabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mon--volume_claim_template--spec--data_source_ref))
- `resources` (Attributes) resources represents the minimum resources the volume should have. If RecoverVolumeExpansionFailure feature is enabled users are allowed to specify resource requirements that are lower than previous value but must still be higher than capacity recorded in the status field of the claim. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#resources (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mon--volume_claim_template--spec--resources))
- `selector` (Attributes) selector is a label query over volumes to consider for binding. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mon--volume_claim_template--spec--selector))
- `storage_class_name` (String) storageClassName is the name of the StorageClass required by the claim. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#class-1
- `volume_attributes_class_name` (String) volumeAttributesClassName may be used to set the VolumeAttributesClass used by this claim. If specified, the CSI driver will create or update the volume with the attributes defined in the corresponding VolumeAttributesClass. This has a different purpose than storageClassName, it can be changed after the claim is created. An empty string value means that no VolumeAttributesClass will be applied to the claim but it's not allowed to reset this field to empty string once it is set. If unspecified and the PersistentVolumeClaim is unbound, the default VolumeAttributesClass will be set by the persistentvolume controller if it exists. If the resource referred to by volumeAttributesClass does not exist, this PersistentVolumeClaim will be set to a Pending state, as reflected by the modifyVolumeStatus field, until such as a resource exists. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volume-attributes-classes/ (Beta) Using this field requires the VolumeAttributesClass feature gate to be enabled (off by default).
- `volume_mode` (String) volumeMode defines what type of volume is required by the claim. Value of Filesystem is implied when not included in claim spec.
- `volume_name` (String) volumeName is the binding reference to the PersistentVolume backing this claim.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--mon--volume_claim_template--spec--data_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mon.volume_claim_template.spec.data_source`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind is the type of resource being referenced
- `name` (String) Name is the name of resource being referenced

Optional:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup is the group for the resource being referenced. If APIGroup is not specified, the specified Kind must be in the core API group. For any other third-party types, APIGroup is required.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--mon--volume_claim_template--spec--data_source_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mon.volume_claim_template.spec.data_source_ref`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind is the type of resource being referenced
- `name` (String) Name is the name of resource being referenced

Optional:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup is the group for the resource being referenced. If APIGroup is not specified, the specified Kind must be in the core API group. For any other third-party types, APIGroup is required.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of resource being referenced Note that when a namespace is specified, a gateway.networking.k8s.io/ReferenceGrant object is required in the referent namespace to allow that namespace's owner to accept the reference. See the ReferenceGrant documentation for details. (Alpha) This field requires the CrossNamespaceVolumeDataSource feature gate to be enabled.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--mon--volume_claim_template--spec--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mon.volume_claim_template.spec.resources`

Optional:

- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/


<a id="nestedatt--spec--mon--volume_claim_template--spec--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mon.volume_claim_template.spec.selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mon--volume_claim_template--spec--selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--mon--volume_claim_template--spec--selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mon.volume_claim_template.spec.selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--mon--zones"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mon.zones`

Optional:

- `arbiter` (Boolean) Arbiter determines if the zone contains the arbiter used for stretch cluster mode
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the zone
- `volume_claim_template` (Attributes) VolumeClaimTemplate is the PVC template (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mon--zones--volume_claim_template))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--mon--zones--volume_claim_template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mon.zones.volume_claim_template`

Optional:

- `metadata` (Attributes) Standard object's metadata. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mon--zones--volume_claim_template--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) spec defines the desired characteristics of a volume requested by a pod author. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#persistentvolumeclaims (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mon--zones--volume_claim_template--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--mon--zones--volume_claim_template--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mon.zones.volume_claim_template.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `finalizers` (List of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--mon--zones--volume_claim_template--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mon.zones.volume_claim_template.spec`

Optional:

- `access_modes` (List of String) accessModes contains the desired access modes the volume should have. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#access-modes-1
- `data_source` (Attributes) dataSource field can be used to specify either: * An existing VolumeSnapshot object (snapshot.storage.k8s.io/VolumeSnapshot) * An existing PVC (PersistentVolumeClaim) If the provisioner or an external controller can support the specified data source, it will create a new volume based on the contents of the specified data source. When the AnyVolumeDataSource feature gate is enabled, dataSource contents will be copied to dataSourceRef, and dataSourceRef contents will be copied to dataSource when dataSourceRef.namespace is not specified. If the namespace is specified, then dataSourceRef will not be copied to dataSource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mon--zones--volume_claim_template--spec--data_source))
- `data_source_ref` (Attributes) dataSourceRef specifies the object from which to populate the volume with data, if a non-empty volume is desired. This may be any object from a non-empty API group (non core object) or a PersistentVolumeClaim object. When this field is specified, volume binding will only succeed if the type of the specified object matches some installed volume populator or dynamic provisioner. This field will replace the functionality of the dataSource field and as such if both fields are non-empty, they must have the same value. For backwards compatibility, when namespace isn't specified in dataSourceRef, both fields (dataSource and dataSourceRef) will be set to the same value automatically if one of them is empty and the other is non-empty. When namespace is specified in dataSourceRef, dataSource isn't set to the same value and must be empty. There are three important differences between dataSource and dataSourceRef: * While dataSource only allows two specific types of objects, dataSourceRef allows any non-core object, as well as PersistentVolumeClaim objects. * While dataSource ignores disallowed values (dropping them), dataSourceRef preserves all values, and generates an error if a disallowed value is specified. * While dataSource only allows local objects, dataSourceRef allows objects in any namespaces. (Beta) Using this field requires the AnyVolumeDataSource feature gate to be enabled. (Alpha) Using the namespace field of dataSourceRef requires the CrossNamespaceVolumeDataSource feature gate to be enabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mon--zones--volume_claim_template--spec--data_source_ref))
- `resources` (Attributes) resources represents the minimum resources the volume should have. If RecoverVolumeExpansionFailure feature is enabled users are allowed to specify resource requirements that are lower than previous value but must still be higher than capacity recorded in the status field of the claim. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#resources (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mon--zones--volume_claim_template--spec--resources))
- `selector` (Attributes) selector is a label query over volumes to consider for binding. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mon--zones--volume_claim_template--spec--selector))
- `storage_class_name` (String) storageClassName is the name of the StorageClass required by the claim. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#class-1
- `volume_attributes_class_name` (String) volumeAttributesClassName may be used to set the VolumeAttributesClass used by this claim. If specified, the CSI driver will create or update the volume with the attributes defined in the corresponding VolumeAttributesClass. This has a different purpose than storageClassName, it can be changed after the claim is created. An empty string value means that no VolumeAttributesClass will be applied to the claim but it's not allowed to reset this field to empty string once it is set. If unspecified and the PersistentVolumeClaim is unbound, the default VolumeAttributesClass will be set by the persistentvolume controller if it exists. If the resource referred to by volumeAttributesClass does not exist, this PersistentVolumeClaim will be set to a Pending state, as reflected by the modifyVolumeStatus field, until such as a resource exists. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volume-attributes-classes/ (Beta) Using this field requires the VolumeAttributesClass feature gate to be enabled (off by default).
- `volume_mode` (String) volumeMode defines what type of volume is required by the claim. Value of Filesystem is implied when not included in claim spec.
- `volume_name` (String) volumeName is the binding reference to the PersistentVolume backing this claim.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--mon--zones--volume_claim_template--spec--data_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mon.zones.volume_claim_template.spec.data_source`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind is the type of resource being referenced
- `name` (String) Name is the name of resource being referenced

Optional:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup is the group for the resource being referenced. If APIGroup is not specified, the specified Kind must be in the core API group. For any other third-party types, APIGroup is required.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--mon--zones--volume_claim_template--spec--data_source_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mon.zones.volume_claim_template.spec.data_source_ref`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind is the type of resource being referenced
- `name` (String) Name is the name of resource being referenced

Optional:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup is the group for the resource being referenced. If APIGroup is not specified, the specified Kind must be in the core API group. For any other third-party types, APIGroup is required.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of resource being referenced Note that when a namespace is specified, a gateway.networking.k8s.io/ReferenceGrant object is required in the referent namespace to allow that namespace's owner to accept the reference. See the ReferenceGrant documentation for details. (Alpha) This field requires the CrossNamespaceVolumeDataSource feature gate to be enabled.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--mon--zones--volume_claim_template--spec--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mon.zones.volume_claim_template.spec.resources`

Optional:

- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/


<a id="nestedatt--spec--mon--zones--volume_claim_template--spec--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mon.zones.volume_claim_template.spec.selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mon--zones--volume_claim_template--spec--selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--mon--zones--volume_claim_template--spec--selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mon.zones.volume_claim_template.spec.selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.







<a id="nestedatt--spec--monitoring"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.monitoring`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled determines whether to create the prometheus rules for the ceph cluster. If true, the prometheus types must exist or the creation will fail. Default is false.
- `exporter` (Attributes) Ceph exporter configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--monitoring--exporter))
- `external_mgr_endpoints` (Attributes List) ExternalMgrEndpoints points to an existing Ceph prometheus exporter endpoint (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--monitoring--external_mgr_endpoints))
- `external_mgr_prometheus_port` (Number) ExternalMgrPrometheusPort Prometheus exporter port
- `interval` (String) Interval determines prometheus scrape interval
- `metrics_disabled` (Boolean) Whether to disable the metrics reported by Ceph. If false, the prometheus mgr module and Ceph exporter are enabled. If true, the prometheus mgr module and Ceph exporter are both disabled. Default is false.
- `port` (Number) Port is the prometheus server port

<a id="nestedatt--spec--monitoring--exporter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.monitoring.exporter`

Optional:

- `perf_counters_prio_limit` (Number) Only performance counters greater than or equal to this option are fetched
- `stats_period_seconds` (Number) Time to wait before sending requests again to exporter server (seconds)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--monitoring--external_mgr_endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.monitoring.external_mgr_endpoints`

Required:

- `ip` (String) The IP of this endpoint. May not be loopback (127.0.0.0/8 or ::1), link-local (169.254.0.0/16 or fe80::/10), or link-local multicast (224.0.0.0/24 or ff02::/16).

Optional:

- `hostname` (String) The Hostname of this endpoint
- `node_name` (String) Optional: Node hosting this endpoint. This can be used to determine endpoints local to a node.
- `target_ref` (Attributes) Reference to object providing the endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--monitoring--external_mgr_endpoints--target_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--monitoring--external_mgr_endpoints--target_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.monitoring.external_mgr_endpoints.target_ref`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.
- `field_path` (String) If referring to a piece of an object instead of an entire object, this string should contain a valid JSON/Go field access statement, such as desiredState.manifest.containers[2]. For example, if the object reference is to a container within a pod, this would take on a value like: 'spec.containers{name}' (where 'name' refers to the name of the container that triggered the event) or if no container name is specified 'spec.containers[2]' (container with index 2 in this pod). This syntax is chosen only to have some well-defined way of referencing a part of an object.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/
- `resource_version` (String) Specific resourceVersion to which this reference is made, if any. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `uid` (String) UID of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#uids




<a id="nestedatt--spec--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network`

Optional:

- `address_ranges` (Attributes) AddressRanges specify a list of CIDRs that Rook will apply to Ceph's 'public_network' and/or 'cluster_network' configurations. This config section may be used for the 'host' or 'multus' network providers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network--address_ranges))
- `connections` (Attributes) Settings for network connections such as compression and encryption across the wire. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network--connections))
- `dual_stack` (Boolean) DualStack determines whether Ceph daemons should listen on both IPv4 and IPv6
- `host_network` (Boolean) HostNetwork to enable host network. If host networking is enabled or disabled on a running cluster, then the operator will automatically fail over all the mons to apply the new network settings.
- `ip_family` (String) IPFamily is the single stack IPv6 or IPv4 protocol
- `multi_cluster_service` (Attributes) Enable multiClusterService to export the Services between peer clusters (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network--multi_cluster_service))
- `provider` (String) Provider is what provides network connectivity to the cluster e.g. 'host' or 'multus'. If the Provider is updated from being empty to 'host' on a running cluster, then the operator will automatically fail over all the mons to apply the 'host' network settings.
- `selectors` (Map of String) Selectors define NetworkAttachmentDefinitions to be used for Ceph public and/or cluster networks when the 'multus' network provider is used. This config section is not used for other network providers. Valid keys are 'public' and 'cluster'. Refer to Ceph networking documentation for more: https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/rados/configuration/network-config-ref/ Refer to Multus network annotation documentation for help selecting values: https://github.com/k8snetworkplumbingwg/multus-cni/blob/master/docs/how-to-use.md#run-pod-with-network-annotation Rook will make a best-effort attempt to automatically detect CIDR address ranges for given network attachment definitions. Rook's methods are robust but may be imprecise for sufficiently complicated networks. Rook's auto-detection process obtains a new IP address lease for each CephCluster reconcile. If Rook fails to detect, incorrectly detects, only partially detects, or if underlying networks do not support reusing old IP addresses, it is best to use the 'addressRanges' config section to specify CIDR ranges for the Ceph cluster. As a contrived example, one can use a theoretical Kubernetes-wide network for Ceph client traffic and a theoretical Rook-only network for Ceph replication traffic as shown: selectors: public: 'default/cluster-fast-net' cluster: 'rook-ceph/ceph-backend-net'

<a id="nestedatt--spec--network--address_ranges"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network.address_ranges`

Optional:

- `cluster` (List of String) Cluster defines a list of CIDRs to use for Ceph cluster network communication.
- `public` (List of String) Public defines a list of CIDRs to use for Ceph public network communication.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--network--connections"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network.connections`

Optional:

- `compression` (Attributes) Compression settings for the network connections. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network--connections--compression))
- `encryption` (Attributes) Encryption settings for the network connections. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network--connections--encryption))
- `require_msgr2` (Boolean) Whether to require msgr2 (port 3300) even if compression or encryption are not enabled. If true, the msgr1 port (6789) will be disabled. Requires a kernel that supports msgr2 (kernel 5.11 or CentOS 8.4 or newer).

<a id="nestedatt--spec--network--connections--compression"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network.connections.compression`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether to compress the data in transit across the wire. The default is not set.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--network--connections--encryption"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network.connections.encryption`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether to encrypt the data in transit across the wire to prevent eavesdropping the data on the network. The default is not set. Even if encryption is not enabled, clients still establish a strong initial authentication for the connection and data integrity is still validated with a crc check. When encryption is enabled, all communication between clients and Ceph daemons, or between Ceph daemons will be encrypted.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--network--multi_cluster_service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network.multi_cluster_service`

Optional:

- `cluster_id` (String) ClusterID uniquely identifies a cluster. It is used as a prefix to nslookup exported services. For example: <clusterid>.<svc>.<ns>.svc.clusterset.local
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable multiClusterService to export the mon and OSD services to peer cluster. Ensure that peer clusters are connected using an MCS API compatible application, like Globalnet Submariner.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--security"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security`

Optional:

- `key_rotation` (Attributes) KeyRotation defines options for Key Rotation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security--key_rotation))
- `kms` (Attributes) KeyManagementService is the main Key Management option (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security--kms))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--security--key_rotation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security.key_rotation`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled represents whether the key rotation is enabled.
- `schedule` (String) Schedule represents the cron schedule for key rotation.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--security--kms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security.kms`

Optional:

- `connection_details` (Map of String) ConnectionDetails contains the KMS connection details (address, port etc)
- `token_secret_name` (String) TokenSecretName is the kubernetes secret containing the KMS token



<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage`

Optional:

- `allow_device_class_update` (Boolean) Whether to allow updating the device class after the OSD is initially provisioned
- `allow_osd_crush_weight_update` (Boolean) Whether Rook will resize the OSD CRUSH weight when the OSD PVC size is increased. This allows cluster data to be rebalanced to make most effective use of new OSD space. The default is false since data rebalancing can cause temporary cluster slowdown.
- `backfill_full_ratio` (Number) BackfillFullRatio is the ratio at which the cluster is too full for backfill. Backfill will be disabled if above this threshold. Default is 0.90.
- `config` (Map of String)
- `device_filter` (String) A regular expression to allow more fine-grained selection of devices on nodes across the cluster
- `device_path_filter` (String) A regular expression to allow more fine-grained selection of devices with path names
- `devices` (Map of String) List of devices to use as storage devices
- `flapping_restart_interval_hours` (Number) FlappingRestartIntervalHours defines the time for which the OSD pods, that failed with zero exit code, will sleep before restarting. This is needed for OSD flapping where OSD daemons are marked down more than 5 times in 600 seconds by Ceph. Preventing the OSD pods to restart immediately in such scenarios will prevent Rook from marking OSD as 'up' and thus peering of the PGs mapped to the OSD. User needs to manually restart the OSD pod if they manage to fix the underlying OSD flapping issue before the restart interval. The sleep will be disabled if this interval is set to 0.
- `full_ratio` (Number) FullRatio is the ratio at which the cluster is considered full and ceph will stop accepting writes. Default is 0.95.
- `near_full_ratio` (Number) NearFullRatio is the ratio at which the cluster is considered nearly full and will raise a ceph health warning. Default is 0.85.
- `nodes` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--nodes))
- `only_apply_osd_placement` (Boolean)
- `storage_class_device_sets` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets))
- `store` (Attributes) OSDStore is the backend storage type used for creating the OSDs (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--store))
- `use_all_devices` (Boolean) Whether to consume all the storage devices found on a machine
- `use_all_nodes` (Boolean)
- `volume_claim_templates` (Attributes List) PersistentVolumeClaims to use as storage (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--volume_claim_templates))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--nodes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.nodes`

Optional:

- `config` (Map of String)
- `device_filter` (String) A regular expression to allow more fine-grained selection of devices on nodes across the cluster
- `device_path_filter` (String) A regular expression to allow more fine-grained selection of devices with path names
- `devices` (Map of String) List of devices to use as storage devices
- `name` (String)
- `resources` (Attributes) ResourceRequirements describes the compute resource requirements. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--nodes--resources))
- `use_all_devices` (Boolean) Whether to consume all the storage devices found on a machine
- `volume_claim_templates` (Attributes List) PersistentVolumeClaims to use as storage (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--nodes--volume_claim_templates))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--nodes--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.nodes.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims, that are used by this container. This is an alpha field and requires enabling the DynamicResourceAllocation feature gate. This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--nodes--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--nodes--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.nodes.resources.claims`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims of the Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource available inside a container.

Optional:

- `request` (String) Request is the name chosen for a request in the referenced claim. If empty, everything from the claim is made available, otherwise only the result of this request.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--nodes--volume_claim_templates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.nodes.volume_claim_templates`

Optional:

- `metadata` (Attributes) Standard object's metadata. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--nodes--volume_claim_templates--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) spec defines the desired characteristics of a volume requested by a pod author. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#persistentvolumeclaims (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--nodes--volume_claim_templates--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--nodes--volume_claim_templates--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.nodes.volume_claim_templates.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `finalizers` (List of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--nodes--volume_claim_templates--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.nodes.volume_claim_templates.spec`

Optional:

- `access_modes` (List of String) accessModes contains the desired access modes the volume should have. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#access-modes-1
- `data_source` (Attributes) dataSource field can be used to specify either: * An existing VolumeSnapshot object (snapshot.storage.k8s.io/VolumeSnapshot) * An existing PVC (PersistentVolumeClaim) If the provisioner or an external controller can support the specified data source, it will create a new volume based on the contents of the specified data source. When the AnyVolumeDataSource feature gate is enabled, dataSource contents will be copied to dataSourceRef, and dataSourceRef contents will be copied to dataSource when dataSourceRef.namespace is not specified. If the namespace is specified, then dataSourceRef will not be copied to dataSource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--nodes--volume_claim_templates--spec--data_source))
- `data_source_ref` (Attributes) dataSourceRef specifies the object from which to populate the volume with data, if a non-empty volume is desired. This may be any object from a non-empty API group (non core object) or a PersistentVolumeClaim object. When this field is specified, volume binding will only succeed if the type of the specified object matches some installed volume populator or dynamic provisioner. This field will replace the functionality of the dataSource field and as such if both fields are non-empty, they must have the same value. For backwards compatibility, when namespace isn't specified in dataSourceRef, both fields (dataSource and dataSourceRef) will be set to the same value automatically if one of them is empty and the other is non-empty. When namespace is specified in dataSourceRef, dataSource isn't set to the same value and must be empty. There are three important differences between dataSource and dataSourceRef: * While dataSource only allows two specific types of objects, dataSourceRef allows any non-core object, as well as PersistentVolumeClaim objects. * While dataSource ignores disallowed values (dropping them), dataSourceRef preserves all values, and generates an error if a disallowed value is specified. * While dataSource only allows local objects, dataSourceRef allows objects in any namespaces. (Beta) Using this field requires the AnyVolumeDataSource feature gate to be enabled. (Alpha) Using the namespace field of dataSourceRef requires the CrossNamespaceVolumeDataSource feature gate to be enabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--nodes--volume_claim_templates--spec--data_source_ref))
- `resources` (Attributes) resources represents the minimum resources the volume should have. If RecoverVolumeExpansionFailure feature is enabled users are allowed to specify resource requirements that are lower than previous value but must still be higher than capacity recorded in the status field of the claim. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#resources (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--nodes--volume_claim_templates--spec--resources))
- `selector` (Attributes) selector is a label query over volumes to consider for binding. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--nodes--volume_claim_templates--spec--selector))
- `storage_class_name` (String) storageClassName is the name of the StorageClass required by the claim. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#class-1
- `volume_attributes_class_name` (String) volumeAttributesClassName may be used to set the VolumeAttributesClass used by this claim. If specified, the CSI driver will create or update the volume with the attributes defined in the corresponding VolumeAttributesClass. This has a different purpose than storageClassName, it can be changed after the claim is created. An empty string value means that no VolumeAttributesClass will be applied to the claim but it's not allowed to reset this field to empty string once it is set. If unspecified and the PersistentVolumeClaim is unbound, the default VolumeAttributesClass will be set by the persistentvolume controller if it exists. If the resource referred to by volumeAttributesClass does not exist, this PersistentVolumeClaim will be set to a Pending state, as reflected by the modifyVolumeStatus field, until such as a resource exists. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volume-attributes-classes/ (Beta) Using this field requires the VolumeAttributesClass feature gate to be enabled (off by default).
- `volume_mode` (String) volumeMode defines what type of volume is required by the claim. Value of Filesystem is implied when not included in claim spec.
- `volume_name` (String) volumeName is the binding reference to the PersistentVolume backing this claim.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--nodes--volume_claim_templates--spec--data_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.nodes.volume_claim_templates.spec.data_source`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind is the type of resource being referenced
- `name` (String) Name is the name of resource being referenced

Optional:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup is the group for the resource being referenced. If APIGroup is not specified, the specified Kind must be in the core API group. For any other third-party types, APIGroup is required.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--nodes--volume_claim_templates--spec--data_source_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.nodes.volume_claim_templates.spec.data_source_ref`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind is the type of resource being referenced
- `name` (String) Name is the name of resource being referenced

Optional:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup is the group for the resource being referenced. If APIGroup is not specified, the specified Kind must be in the core API group. For any other third-party types, APIGroup is required.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of resource being referenced Note that when a namespace is specified, a gateway.networking.k8s.io/ReferenceGrant object is required in the referent namespace to allow that namespace's owner to accept the reference. See the ReferenceGrant documentation for details. (Alpha) This field requires the CrossNamespaceVolumeDataSource feature gate to be enabled.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--nodes--volume_claim_templates--spec--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.nodes.volume_claim_templates.spec.resources`

Optional:

- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--nodes--volume_claim_templates--spec--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.nodes.volume_claim_templates.spec.selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--nodes--volume_claim_templates--spec--selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--nodes--volume_claim_templates--spec--selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.nodes.volume_claim_templates.spec.selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.






<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets`

Required:

- `count` (Number) Count is the number of devices in this set
- `name` (String) Name is a unique identifier for the set
- `volume_claim_templates` (Attributes List) VolumeClaimTemplates is a list of PVC templates for the underlying storage devices (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--volume_claim_templates))

Optional:

- `config` (Map of String) Provider-specific device configuration
- `encrypted` (Boolean) Whether to encrypt the deviceSet
- `placement` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement))
- `portable` (Boolean) Portable represents OSD portability across the hosts
- `prepare_placement` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement))
- `resources` (Attributes) ResourceRequirements describes the compute resource requirements. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--resources))
- `scheduler_name` (String) Scheduler name for OSD pod placement
- `tune_device_class` (Boolean) TuneSlowDeviceClass Tune the OSD when running on a slow Device Class
- `tune_fast_device_class` (Boolean) TuneFastDeviceClass Tune the OSD when running on a fast Device Class

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--volume_claim_templates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.volume_claim_templates`

Optional:

- `metadata` (Attributes) Standard object's metadata. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--volume_claim_templates--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) spec defines the desired characteristics of a volume requested by a pod author. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#persistentvolumeclaims (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--volume_claim_templates--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--volume_claim_templates--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.volume_claim_templates.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `finalizers` (List of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--volume_claim_templates--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.volume_claim_templates.spec`

Optional:

- `access_modes` (List of String) accessModes contains the desired access modes the volume should have. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#access-modes-1
- `data_source` (Attributes) dataSource field can be used to specify either: * An existing VolumeSnapshot object (snapshot.storage.k8s.io/VolumeSnapshot) * An existing PVC (PersistentVolumeClaim) If the provisioner or an external controller can support the specified data source, it will create a new volume based on the contents of the specified data source. When the AnyVolumeDataSource feature gate is enabled, dataSource contents will be copied to dataSourceRef, and dataSourceRef contents will be copied to dataSource when dataSourceRef.namespace is not specified. If the namespace is specified, then dataSourceRef will not be copied to dataSource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--volume_claim_templates--spec--data_source))
- `data_source_ref` (Attributes) dataSourceRef specifies the object from which to populate the volume with data, if a non-empty volume is desired. This may be any object from a non-empty API group (non core object) or a PersistentVolumeClaim object. When this field is specified, volume binding will only succeed if the type of the specified object matches some installed volume populator or dynamic provisioner. This field will replace the functionality of the dataSource field and as such if both fields are non-empty, they must have the same value. For backwards compatibility, when namespace isn't specified in dataSourceRef, both fields (dataSource and dataSourceRef) will be set to the same value automatically if one of them is empty and the other is non-empty. When namespace is specified in dataSourceRef, dataSource isn't set to the same value and must be empty. There are three important differences between dataSource and dataSourceRef: * While dataSource only allows two specific types of objects, dataSourceRef allows any non-core object, as well as PersistentVolumeClaim objects. * While dataSource ignores disallowed values (dropping them), dataSourceRef preserves all values, and generates an error if a disallowed value is specified. * While dataSource only allows local objects, dataSourceRef allows objects in any namespaces. (Beta) Using this field requires the AnyVolumeDataSource feature gate to be enabled. (Alpha) Using the namespace field of dataSourceRef requires the CrossNamespaceVolumeDataSource feature gate to be enabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--volume_claim_templates--spec--data_source_ref))
- `resources` (Attributes) resources represents the minimum resources the volume should have. If RecoverVolumeExpansionFailure feature is enabled users are allowed to specify resource requirements that are lower than previous value but must still be higher than capacity recorded in the status field of the claim. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#resources (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--volume_claim_templates--spec--resources))
- `selector` (Attributes) selector is a label query over volumes to consider for binding. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--volume_claim_templates--spec--selector))
- `storage_class_name` (String) storageClassName is the name of the StorageClass required by the claim. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#class-1
- `volume_attributes_class_name` (String) volumeAttributesClassName may be used to set the VolumeAttributesClass used by this claim. If specified, the CSI driver will create or update the volume with the attributes defined in the corresponding VolumeAttributesClass. This has a different purpose than storageClassName, it can be changed after the claim is created. An empty string value means that no VolumeAttributesClass will be applied to the claim but it's not allowed to reset this field to empty string once it is set. If unspecified and the PersistentVolumeClaim is unbound, the default VolumeAttributesClass will be set by the persistentvolume controller if it exists. If the resource referred to by volumeAttributesClass does not exist, this PersistentVolumeClaim will be set to a Pending state, as reflected by the modifyVolumeStatus field, until such as a resource exists. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volume-attributes-classes/ (Beta) Using this field requires the VolumeAttributesClass feature gate to be enabled (off by default).
- `volume_mode` (String) volumeMode defines what type of volume is required by the claim. Value of Filesystem is implied when not included in claim spec.
- `volume_name` (String) volumeName is the binding reference to the PersistentVolume backing this claim.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--volume_claim_templates--spec--data_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.volume_claim_templates.spec.data_source`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind is the type of resource being referenced
- `name` (String) Name is the name of resource being referenced

Optional:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup is the group for the resource being referenced. If APIGroup is not specified, the specified Kind must be in the core API group. For any other third-party types, APIGroup is required.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--volume_claim_templates--spec--data_source_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.volume_claim_templates.spec.data_source_ref`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind is the type of resource being referenced
- `name` (String) Name is the name of resource being referenced

Optional:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup is the group for the resource being referenced. If APIGroup is not specified, the specified Kind must be in the core API group. For any other third-party types, APIGroup is required.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of resource being referenced Note that when a namespace is specified, a gateway.networking.k8s.io/ReferenceGrant object is required in the referent namespace to allow that namespace's owner to accept the reference. See the ReferenceGrant documentation for details. (Alpha) This field requires the CrossNamespaceVolumeDataSource feature gate to be enabled.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--volume_claim_templates--spec--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.volume_claim_templates.spec.resources`

Optional:

- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--volume_claim_templates--spec--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.volume_claim_templates.spec.selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--volume_claim_templates--spec--selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--volume_claim_templates--spec--selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.volume_claim_templates.spec.selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.placement`

Optional:

- `node_affinity` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--node_affinity))
- `pod_affinity` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--pod_affinity))
- `pod_anti_affinity` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--pod_anti_affinity))
- `tolerations` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--tolerations))
- `topology_spread_constraints` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--topology_spread_constraints))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--node_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.placement.node_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.placement.node_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `preference` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference))
- `weight` (Number)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.placement.node_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.preference`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_expressions))
- `match_fields` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_fields))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.placement.node_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.preference.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)

Optional:

- `values` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.placement.node_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.preference.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)

Optional:

- `values` (List of String)




<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.placement.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `node_selector_terms` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.placement.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_expressions))
- `match_fields` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_fields))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.placement.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)

Optional:

- `values` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.placement.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)

Optional:

- `values` (List of String)





<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--pod_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.placement.pod_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.placement.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `pod_affinity_term` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term))
- `weight` (Number)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.placement.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String)

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector))
- `match_label_keys` (List of String)
- `mismatch_label_keys` (List of String)
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.placement.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.placement.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.label_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)

Optional:

- `values` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.placement.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.placement.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)

Optional:

- `values` (List of String)





<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.placement.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String)

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector))
- `match_label_keys` (List of String)
- `mismatch_label_keys` (List of String)
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.placement.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.placement.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)

Optional:

- `values` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.placement.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.placement.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)

Optional:

- `values` (List of String)





<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--pod_anti_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.placement.pod_anti_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.placement.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `pod_affinity_term` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term))
- `weight` (Number)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.placement.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String)

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector))
- `match_label_keys` (List of String)
- `mismatch_label_keys` (List of String)
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.placement.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.placement.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.label_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)

Optional:

- `values` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.placement.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.placement.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)

Optional:

- `values` (List of String)





<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.placement.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String)

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector))
- `match_label_keys` (List of String)
- `mismatch_label_keys` (List of String)
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.placement.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.placement.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)

Optional:

- `values` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.placement.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.placement.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)

Optional:

- `values` (List of String)





<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--tolerations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.placement.tolerations`

Optional:

- `effect` (String)
- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `toleration_seconds` (Number)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--topology_spread_constraints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.placement.topology_spread_constraints`

Required:

- `max_skew` (Number)
- `topology_key` (String)
- `when_unsatisfiable` (String)

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--topology_spread_constraints--label_selector))
- `match_label_keys` (List of String)
- `min_domains` (Number)
- `node_affinity_policy` (String)
- `node_taints_policy` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--topology_spread_constraints--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.placement.topology_spread_constraints.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--topology_spread_constraints--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--placement--topology_spread_constraints--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.placement.topology_spread_constraints.label_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)

Optional:

- `values` (List of String)





<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.prepare_placement`

Optional:

- `node_affinity` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--node_affinity))
- `pod_affinity` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--pod_affinity))
- `pod_anti_affinity` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--pod_anti_affinity))
- `tolerations` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--tolerations))
- `topology_spread_constraints` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--topology_spread_constraints))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--node_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.prepare_placement.node_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.prepare_placement.node_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `preference` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference))
- `weight` (Number)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.prepare_placement.node_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.preference`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_expressions))
- `match_fields` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_fields))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.prepare_placement.node_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.preference.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)

Optional:

- `values` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.prepare_placement.node_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.preference.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)

Optional:

- `values` (List of String)




<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.prepare_placement.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `node_selector_terms` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.prepare_placement.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_expressions))
- `match_fields` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_fields))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.prepare_placement.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)

Optional:

- `values` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.prepare_placement.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)

Optional:

- `values` (List of String)





<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--pod_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.prepare_placement.pod_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.prepare_placement.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `pod_affinity_term` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term))
- `weight` (Number)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.prepare_placement.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String)

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector))
- `match_label_keys` (List of String)
- `mismatch_label_keys` (List of String)
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.prepare_placement.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.prepare_placement.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.label_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)

Optional:

- `values` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.prepare_placement.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.prepare_placement.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)

Optional:

- `values` (List of String)





<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.prepare_placement.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String)

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector))
- `match_label_keys` (List of String)
- `mismatch_label_keys` (List of String)
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.prepare_placement.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.prepare_placement.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)

Optional:

- `values` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.prepare_placement.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.prepare_placement.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)

Optional:

- `values` (List of String)





<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--pod_anti_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.prepare_placement.pod_anti_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.prepare_placement.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `pod_affinity_term` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term))
- `weight` (Number)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.prepare_placement.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String)

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector))
- `match_label_keys` (List of String)
- `mismatch_label_keys` (List of String)
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.prepare_placement.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.prepare_placement.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.label_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)

Optional:

- `values` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.prepare_placement.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.prepare_placement.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)

Optional:

- `values` (List of String)





<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.prepare_placement.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String)

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector))
- `match_label_keys` (List of String)
- `mismatch_label_keys` (List of String)
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.prepare_placement.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.prepare_placement.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)

Optional:

- `values` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.prepare_placement.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.prepare_placement.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)

Optional:

- `values` (List of String)





<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--tolerations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.prepare_placement.tolerations`

Optional:

- `effect` (String)
- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `toleration_seconds` (Number)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--topology_spread_constraints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.prepare_placement.topology_spread_constraints`

Required:

- `max_skew` (Number)
- `topology_key` (String)
- `when_unsatisfiable` (String)

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--topology_spread_constraints--label_selector))
- `match_label_keys` (List of String)
- `min_domains` (Number)
- `node_affinity_policy` (String)
- `node_taints_policy` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--topology_spread_constraints--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.prepare_placement.topology_spread_constraints.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--topology_spread_constraints--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--prepare_placement--topology_spread_constraints--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.prepare_placement.topology_spread_constraints.label_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)

Optional:

- `values` (List of String)





<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims, that are used by this container. This is an alpha field and requires enabling the DynamicResourceAllocation feature gate. This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--storage_class_device_sets--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.storage_class_device_sets.resources.claims`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims of the Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource available inside a container.

Optional:

- `request` (String) Request is the name chosen for a request in the referenced claim. If empty, everything from the claim is made available, otherwise only the result of this request.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--store"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.store`

Optional:

- `type` (String) Type of backend storage to be used while creating OSDs. If empty, then bluestore will be used
- `update_store` (String) UpdateStore updates the backend store for existing OSDs. It destroys each OSD one at a time, cleans up the backing disk and prepares same OSD on that disk


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--volume_claim_templates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.volume_claim_templates`

Optional:

- `metadata` (Attributes) Standard object's metadata. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--volume_claim_templates--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) spec defines the desired characteristics of a volume requested by a pod author. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#persistentvolumeclaims (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--volume_claim_templates--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--volume_claim_templates--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.volume_claim_templates.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `finalizers` (List of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--volume_claim_templates--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.volume_claim_templates.spec`

Optional:

- `access_modes` (List of String) accessModes contains the desired access modes the volume should have. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#access-modes-1
- `data_source` (Attributes) dataSource field can be used to specify either: * An existing VolumeSnapshot object (snapshot.storage.k8s.io/VolumeSnapshot) * An existing PVC (PersistentVolumeClaim) If the provisioner or an external controller can support the specified data source, it will create a new volume based on the contents of the specified data source. When the AnyVolumeDataSource feature gate is enabled, dataSource contents will be copied to dataSourceRef, and dataSourceRef contents will be copied to dataSource when dataSourceRef.namespace is not specified. If the namespace is specified, then dataSourceRef will not be copied to dataSource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--volume_claim_templates--spec--data_source))
- `data_source_ref` (Attributes) dataSourceRef specifies the object from which to populate the volume with data, if a non-empty volume is desired. This may be any object from a non-empty API group (non core object) or a PersistentVolumeClaim object. When this field is specified, volume binding will only succeed if the type of the specified object matches some installed volume populator or dynamic provisioner. This field will replace the functionality of the dataSource field and as such if both fields are non-empty, they must have the same value. For backwards compatibility, when namespace isn't specified in dataSourceRef, both fields (dataSource and dataSourceRef) will be set to the same value automatically if one of them is empty and the other is non-empty. When namespace is specified in dataSourceRef, dataSource isn't set to the same value and must be empty. There are three important differences between dataSource and dataSourceRef: * While dataSource only allows two specific types of objects, dataSourceRef allows any non-core object, as well as PersistentVolumeClaim objects. * While dataSource ignores disallowed values (dropping them), dataSourceRef preserves all values, and generates an error if a disallowed value is specified. * While dataSource only allows local objects, dataSourceRef allows objects in any namespaces. (Beta) Using this field requires the AnyVolumeDataSource feature gate to be enabled. (Alpha) Using the namespace field of dataSourceRef requires the CrossNamespaceVolumeDataSource feature gate to be enabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--volume_claim_templates--spec--data_source_ref))
- `resources` (Attributes) resources represents the minimum resources the volume should have. If RecoverVolumeExpansionFailure feature is enabled users are allowed to specify resource requirements that are lower than previous value but must still be higher than capacity recorded in the status field of the claim. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#resources (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--volume_claim_templates--spec--resources))
- `selector` (Attributes) selector is a label query over volumes to consider for binding. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--volume_claim_templates--spec--selector))
- `storage_class_name` (String) storageClassName is the name of the StorageClass required by the claim. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#class-1
- `volume_attributes_class_name` (String) volumeAttributesClassName may be used to set the VolumeAttributesClass used by this claim. If specified, the CSI driver will create or update the volume with the attributes defined in the corresponding VolumeAttributesClass. This has a different purpose than storageClassName, it can be changed after the claim is created. An empty string value means that no VolumeAttributesClass will be applied to the claim but it's not allowed to reset this field to empty string once it is set. If unspecified and the PersistentVolumeClaim is unbound, the default VolumeAttributesClass will be set by the persistentvolume controller if it exists. If the resource referred to by volumeAttributesClass does not exist, this PersistentVolumeClaim will be set to a Pending state, as reflected by the modifyVolumeStatus field, until such as a resource exists. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volume-attributes-classes/ (Beta) Using this field requires the VolumeAttributesClass feature gate to be enabled (off by default).
- `volume_mode` (String) volumeMode defines what type of volume is required by the claim. Value of Filesystem is implied when not included in claim spec.
- `volume_name` (String) volumeName is the binding reference to the PersistentVolume backing this claim.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--volume_claim_templates--spec--data_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.volume_claim_templates.spec.data_source`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind is the type of resource being referenced
- `name` (String) Name is the name of resource being referenced

Optional:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup is the group for the resource being referenced. If APIGroup is not specified, the specified Kind must be in the core API group. For any other third-party types, APIGroup is required.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--volume_claim_templates--spec--data_source_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.volume_claim_templates.spec.data_source_ref`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind is the type of resource being referenced
- `name` (String) Name is the name of resource being referenced

Optional:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup is the group for the resource being referenced. If APIGroup is not specified, the specified Kind must be in the core API group. For any other third-party types, APIGroup is required.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of resource being referenced Note that when a namespace is specified, a gateway.networking.k8s.io/ReferenceGrant object is required in the referent namespace to allow that namespace's owner to accept the reference. See the ReferenceGrant documentation for details. (Alpha) This field requires the CrossNamespaceVolumeDataSource feature gate to be enabled.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--volume_claim_templates--spec--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.volume_claim_templates.spec.resources`

Optional:

- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--volume_claim_templates--spec--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.volume_claim_templates.spec.selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--volume_claim_templates--spec--selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--volume_claim_templates--spec--selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.volume_claim_templates.spec.selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.
