---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_ceph_rook_io_ceph_bucket_notification_v1 Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "ceph.rook.io"
description: |-
  CephBucketNotification represents a Bucket Notifications
---

# k8s_ceph_rook_io_ceph_bucket_notification_v1 (Data Source)

CephBucketNotification represents a Bucket Notifications

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_ceph_rook_io_ceph_bucket_notification_v1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) The API group of the requested resource.
- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `kind` (String) The type of the requested resource.
- `spec` (Attributes) BucketNotificationSpec represent the spec of a Bucket Notification (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Read-Only:

- `events` (List of String) List of events that should trigger the notification
- `filter` (Attributes) Spec of notification filter (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--filter))
- `topic` (String) The name of the topic associated with this notification

<a id="nestedatt--spec--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.filter`

Read-Only:

- `key_filters` (Attributes List) Filters based on the object's key (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--filter--key_filters))
- `metadata_filters` (Attributes List) Filters based on the object's metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--filter--metadata_filters))
- `tag_filters` (Attributes List) Filters based on the object's tags (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--filter--tag_filters))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--filter--key_filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.filter.key_filters`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the filter - prefix/suffix/regex
- `value` (String) Value to filter on


<a id="nestedatt--spec--filter--metadata_filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.filter.metadata_filters`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the metadata or tag
- `value` (String) Value to filter on


<a id="nestedatt--spec--filter--tag_filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.filter.tag_filters`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the metadata or tag
- `value` (String) Value to filter on
