---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_cert_manager_io_certificate_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "cert-manager.io"
description: |-
  A Certificate resource should be created to ensure an up to date and signedX.509 certificate is stored in the Kubernetes Secret resource named in 'spec.secretName'.The stored certificate will be renewed before it expires (as configured by 'spec.renewBefore').
---

# k8s_cert_manager_io_certificate_v1_manifest (Data Source)

A Certificate resource should be created to ensure an up to date and signedX.509 certificate is stored in the Kubernetes Secret resource named in 'spec.secretName'.The stored certificate will be renewed before it expires (as configured by 'spec.renewBefore').

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_cert_manager_io_certificate_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
  spec = {
    issuer_ref = {
      group = "some-group"
      kind  = "some-kind"
      name  = "some-name"
    }
    secret_name = "some-secret"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) Specification of the desired state of the Certificate resource.https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#spec-and-status (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `issuer_ref` (Attributes) Reference to the issuer responsible for issuing the certificate.If the issuer is namespace-scoped, it must be in the same namespaceas the Certificate. If the issuer is cluster-scoped, it can be usedfrom any namespace.The 'name' field of the reference must always be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--issuer_ref))
- `secret_name` (String) Name of the Secret resource that will be automatically created andmanaged by this Certificate resource. It will be populated with aprivate key and certificate, signed by the denoted issuer. The Secretresource lives in the same namespace as the Certificate resource.

Optional:

- `additional_output_formats` (Attributes List) Defines extra output formats of the private key and signed certificate chainto be written to this Certificate's target Secret.This is a Beta Feature enabled by default. It can be disabled with the'--feature-gates=AdditionalCertificateOutputFormats=false' option set on boththe controller and webhook components. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--additional_output_formats))
- `common_name` (String) Requested common name X509 certificate subject attribute.More info: https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc5280#section-4.1.2.6NOTE: TLS clients will ignore this value when any subject alternative name isset (see https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6125#section-6.4.4).Should have a length of 64 characters or fewer to avoid generating invalid CSRs.Cannot be set if the 'literalSubject' field is set.
- `dns_names` (List of String) Requested DNS subject alternative names.
- `duration` (String) Requested 'duration' (i.e. lifetime) of the Certificate. Note that theissuer may choose to ignore the requested duration, just like any otherrequested attribute.If unset, this defaults to 90 days.Minimum accepted duration is 1 hour.Value must be in units accepted by Go time.ParseDuration https://golang.org/pkg/time/#ParseDuration.
- `email_addresses` (List of String) Requested email subject alternative names.
- `encode_usages_in_request` (Boolean) Whether the KeyUsage and ExtKeyUsage extensions should be set in the encoded CSR.This option defaults to true, and should only be disabled if the targetissuer does not support CSRs with these X509 KeyUsage/ ExtKeyUsage extensions.
- `ip_addresses` (List of String) Requested IP address subject alternative names.
- `is_ca` (Boolean) Requested basic constraints isCA value.The isCA value is used to set the 'isCA' field on the created CertificateRequestresources. Note that the issuer may choose to ignore the requested isCA value, justlike any other requested attribute.If true, this will automatically add the 'cert sign' usage to the listof requested 'usages'.
- `keystores` (Attributes) Additional keystore output formats to be stored in the Certificate's Secret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--keystores))
- `literal_subject` (String) Requested X.509 certificate subject, represented using the LDAP 'StringRepresentation of a Distinguished Name' [1].Important: the LDAP string format also specifies the order of the attributesin the subject, this is important when issuing certs for LDAP authentication.Example: 'CN=foo,DC=corp,DC=example,DC=com'More info [1]: https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc4514More info: https://github.com/cert-manager/cert-manager/issues/3203More info: https://github.com/cert-manager/cert-manager/issues/4424Cannot be set if the 'subject' or 'commonName' field is set.This is an Alpha Feature and is only enabled with the'--feature-gates=LiteralCertificateSubject=true' option set on boththe controller and webhook components.
- `name_constraints` (Attributes) x.509 certificate NameConstraint extension which MUST NOT be used in a non-CA certificate.More Info: https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc5280#section-4.2.1.10This is an Alpha Feature and is only enabled with the'--feature-gates=NameConstraints=true' option set on boththe controller and webhook components. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--name_constraints))
- `other_names` (Attributes List) 'otherNames' is an escape hatch for SAN that allows any type. We currently restrict the support to string like otherNames, cf RFC 5280 p 37Any UTF8 String valued otherName can be passed with by setting the keys oid: x.x.x.x and UTF8Value: somevalue for 'otherName'.Most commonly this would be UPN set with oid: 1.3.6.1.4.1.311.20.2.3You should ensure that any OID passed is valid for the UTF8String type as we do not explicitly validate this. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--other_names))
- `private_key` (Attributes) Private key options. These include the key algorithm and size, the usedencoding and the rotation policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--private_key))
- `renew_before` (String) How long before the currently issued certificate's expiry cert-manager shouldrenew the certificate. For example, if a certificate is valid for 60 minutes,and 'renewBefore=10m', cert-manager will begin to attempt to renew the certificate50 minutes after it was issued (i.e. when there are 10 minutes remaining untilthe certificate is no longer valid).NOTE: The actual lifetime of the issued certificate is used to determine therenewal time. If an issuer returns a certificate with a different lifetime thanthe one requested, cert-manager will use the lifetime of the issued certificate.If unset, this defaults to 1/3 of the issued certificate's lifetime.Minimum accepted value is 5 minutes.Value must be in units accepted by Go time.ParseDuration https://golang.org/pkg/time/#ParseDuration.
- `revision_history_limit` (Number) The maximum number of CertificateRequest revisions that are maintained inthe Certificate's history. Each revision represents a single 'CertificateRequest'created by this Certificate, either when it was created, renewed, or Specwas changed. Revisions will be removed by oldest first if the number ofrevisions exceeds this number.If set, revisionHistoryLimit must be a value of '1' or greater.If unset ('nil'), revisions will not be garbage collected.Default value is 'nil'.
- `secret_template` (Attributes) Defines annotations and labels to be copied to the Certificate's Secret.Labels and annotations on the Secret will be changed as they appear on theSecretTemplate when added or removed. SecretTemplate annotations are addedin conjunction with, and cannot overwrite, the base set of annotationscert-manager sets on the Certificate's Secret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--secret_template))
- `subject` (Attributes) Requested set of X509 certificate subject attributes.More info: https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc5280#section-4.1.2.6The common name attribute is specified separately in the 'commonName' field.Cannot be set if the 'literalSubject' field is set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--subject))
- `uris` (List of String) Requested URI subject alternative names.
- `usages` (List of String) Requested key usages and extended key usages.These usages are used to set the 'usages' field on the created CertificateRequestresources. If 'encodeUsagesInRequest' is unset or set to 'true', the usageswill additionally be encoded in the 'request' field which contains the CSR blob.If unset, defaults to 'digital signature' and 'key encipherment'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--issuer_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.issuer_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the resource being referred to.

Optional:

- `group` (String) Group of the resource being referred to.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the resource being referred to.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--additional_output_formats"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.additional_output_formats`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type is the name of the format type that should be written to theCertificate's target Secret.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--keystores"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keystores`

Optional:

- `jks` (Attributes) JKS configures options for storing a JKS keystore in the'spec.secretName' Secret resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--keystores--jks))
- `pkcs12` (Attributes) PKCS12 configures options for storing a PKCS12 keystore in the'spec.secretName' Secret resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--keystores--pkcs12))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--keystores--jks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keystores.jks`

Required:

- `create` (Boolean) Create enables JKS keystore creation for the Certificate.If true, a file named 'keystore.jks' will be created in the targetSecret resource, encrypted using the password stored in'passwordSecretRef'.The keystore file will be updated immediately.If the issuer provided a CA certificate, a file named 'truststore.jks'will also be created in the target Secret resource, encrypted using thepassword stored in 'passwordSecretRef'containing the issuing Certificate Authority
- `password_secret_ref` (Attributes) PasswordSecretRef is a reference to a key in a Secret resourcecontaining the password used to encrypt the JKS keystore. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--keystores--jks--password_secret_ref))

Optional:

- `alias` (String) Alias specifies the alias of the key in the keystore, required by the JKS format.If not provided, the default alias 'certificate' will be used.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--keystores--jks--password_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keystores.jks.password_secret_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the resource being referred to.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used.Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may berequired.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--keystores--pkcs12"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keystores.pkcs12`

Required:

- `create` (Boolean) Create enables PKCS12 keystore creation for the Certificate.If true, a file named 'keystore.p12' will be created in the targetSecret resource, encrypted using the password stored in'passwordSecretRef'.The keystore file will be updated immediately.If the issuer provided a CA certificate, a file named 'truststore.p12' willalso be created in the target Secret resource, encrypted using thepassword stored in 'passwordSecretRef' containing the issuing CertificateAuthority
- `password_secret_ref` (Attributes) PasswordSecretRef is a reference to a key in a Secret resourcecontaining the password used to encrypt the PKCS12 keystore. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--keystores--pkcs12--password_secret_ref))

Optional:

- `profile` (String) Profile specifies the key and certificate encryption algorithms and the HMAC algorithmused to create the PKCS12 keystore. Default value is 'LegacyRC2' for backward compatibility.If provided, allowed values are:'LegacyRC2': Deprecated. Not supported by default in OpenSSL 3 or Java 20.'LegacyDES': Less secure algorithm. Use this option for maximal compatibility.'Modern2023': Secure algorithm. Use this option in case you have to always use secure algorithms(eg. because of company policy). Please note that the security of the algorithm is not that importantin reality, because the unencrypted certificate and private key are also stored in the Secret.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--keystores--pkcs12--password_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keystores.pkcs12.password_secret_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the resource being referred to.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used.Some instances of this field may be defaulted, in others it may berequired.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--name_constraints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.name_constraints`

Optional:

- `critical` (Boolean) if true then the name constraints are marked critical.
- `excluded` (Attributes) Excluded contains the constraints which must be disallowed. Any name matching arestriction in the excluded field is invalid regardlessof information appearing in the permitted (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--name_constraints--excluded))
- `permitted` (Attributes) Permitted contains the constraints in which the names must be located. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--name_constraints--permitted))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--name_constraints--excluded"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.name_constraints.excluded`

Optional:

- `dns_domains` (List of String) DNSDomains is a list of DNS domains that are permitted or excluded.
- `email_addresses` (List of String) EmailAddresses is a list of Email Addresses that are permitted or excluded.
- `ip_ranges` (List of String) IPRanges is a list of IP Ranges that are permitted or excluded.This should be a valid CIDR notation.
- `uri_domains` (List of String) URIDomains is a list of URI domains that are permitted or excluded.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--name_constraints--permitted"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.name_constraints.permitted`

Optional:

- `dns_domains` (List of String) DNSDomains is a list of DNS domains that are permitted or excluded.
- `email_addresses` (List of String) EmailAddresses is a list of Email Addresses that are permitted or excluded.
- `ip_ranges` (List of String) IPRanges is a list of IP Ranges that are permitted or excluded.This should be a valid CIDR notation.
- `uri_domains` (List of String) URIDomains is a list of URI domains that are permitted or excluded.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--other_names"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.other_names`

Optional:

- `oid` (String) OID is the object identifier for the otherName SAN.The object identifier must be expressed as a dotted string, forexample, '1.2.840.113556.1.4.221'.
- `utf8_value` (String) utf8Value is the string value of the otherName SAN.The utf8Value accepts any valid UTF8 string to set as value for the otherName SAN.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--private_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.private_key`

Optional:

- `algorithm` (String) Algorithm is the private key algorithm of the corresponding private keyfor this certificate.If provided, allowed values are either 'RSA', 'ECDSA' or 'Ed25519'.If 'algorithm' is specified and 'size' is not provided,key size of 2048 will be used for 'RSA' key algorithm andkey size of 256 will be used for 'ECDSA' key algorithm.key size is ignored when using the 'Ed25519' key algorithm.
- `encoding` (String) The private key cryptography standards (PKCS) encoding for thiscertificate's private key to be encoded in.If provided, allowed values are 'PKCS1' and 'PKCS8' standing for PKCS#1and PKCS#8, respectively.Defaults to 'PKCS1' if not specified.
- `rotation_policy` (String) RotationPolicy controls how private keys should be regenerated when are-issuance is being processed.If set to 'Never', a private key will only be generated if one does notalready exist in the target 'spec.secretName'. If one does exists but itdoes not have the correct algorithm or size, a warning will be raisedto await user intervention.If set to 'Always', a private key matching the specified requirementswill be generated whenever a re-issuance occurs.Default is 'Never' for backward compatibility.
- `size` (Number) Size is the key bit size of the corresponding private key for this certificate.If 'algorithm' is set to 'RSA', valid values are '2048', '4096' or '8192',and will default to '2048' if not specified.If 'algorithm' is set to 'ECDSA', valid values are '256', '384' or '521',and will default to '256' if not specified.If 'algorithm' is set to 'Ed25519', Size is ignored.No other values are allowed.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--secret_template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.secret_template`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations is a key value map to be copied to the target Kubernetes Secret.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels is a key value map to be copied to the target Kubernetes Secret.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--subject"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.subject`

Optional:

- `countries` (List of String) Countries to be used on the Certificate.
- `localities` (List of String) Cities to be used on the Certificate.
- `organizational_units` (List of String) Organizational Units to be used on the Certificate.
- `organizations` (List of String) Organizations to be used on the Certificate.
- `postal_codes` (List of String) Postal codes to be used on the Certificate.
- `provinces` (List of String) State/Provinces to be used on the Certificate.
- `serial_number` (String) Serial number to be used on the Certificate.
- `street_addresses` (List of String) Street addresses to be used on the Certificate.
