---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_certman_managed_openshift_io_certificate_request_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "certman.managed.openshift.io"
description: |-
  CertificateRequest is the Schema for the certificaterequests API
---

# k8s_certman_managed_openshift_io_certificate_request_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

CertificateRequest is the Schema for the certificaterequests API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_certman_managed_openshift_io_certificate_request_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) CertificateRequestSpec defines the desired state of CertificateRequest (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `acme_dns_domain` (String) ACMEDNSDomain is the DNS zone that will house the TXT records needed for the certificate to be created. In Route53 this would be the public Route53 hosted zone (the Domain Name not the ZoneID)
- `certificate_secret` (Attributes) CertificateSecret is the reference to the secret where certificates are stored. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--certificate_secret))
- `dns_names` (List of String) DNSNames is a list of subject alt names to be used on the Certificate.
- `email` (String) Let's Encrypt will use this to contact you about expiring certificates, and issues related to your account.
- `platform` (Attributes) Platform contains specific cloud provider information such as credentials and secrets for the cluster infrastructure. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform))

Optional:

- `api_url` (String) APIURL is the URL where the cluster's API can be accessed.
- `renew_before_days` (Number) Number of days before expiration to reissue certificate. NOTE: Keeping 'renew' in JSON for backward-compatibility.
- `web_console_url` (String) WebConsoleURL is the URL for the cluster's web console UI.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--certificate_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.certificate_secret`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.
- `field_path` (String) If referring to a piece of an object instead of an entire object, this string should contain a valid JSON/Go field access statement, such as desiredState.manifest.containers[2]. For example, if the object reference is to a container within a pod, this would take on a value like: 'spec.containers{name}' (where 'name' refers to the name of the container that triggered the event) or if no container name is specified 'spec.containers[2]' (container with index 2 in this pod). This syntax is chosen only to have some well-defined way of referencing a part of an object. TODO: this design is not final and this field is subject to change in the future.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/
- `resource_version` (String) Specific resourceVersion to which this reference is made, if any. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `uid` (String) UID of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#uids


<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform`

Optional:

- `aws` (Attributes) AWSPlatformSecrets contains secrets for clusters on the AWS platform. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--aws))
- `azure` (Attributes) AzurePlatformSecrets contains secrets for clusters on the Azure platform. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--azure))
- `gcp` (Attributes) GCPPlatformSecrets contains secrets for clusters on the GCP platform. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--gcp))
- `mock` (Attributes) MockPlatformSecrets indicates a mock client should be generated, which doesn't interact with any platform (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--mock))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--aws"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.aws`

Required:

- `credentials` (Attributes) Credentials refers to a secret that contains the AWS account access credentials. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--aws--credentials))
- `region` (String) Region specifies the AWS region where the cluster will be created.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--aws--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.aws.credentials`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?



<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--azure"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.azure`

Required:

- `credentials` (Attributes) Credentials refers to a secret that contains the AZURE account access credentials. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--azure--credentials))
- `resource_group_name` (String) ResourceGroupName refers to the resource group that contains the dns zone.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--azure--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.azure.credentials`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?



<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--gcp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.gcp`

Required:

- `credentials` (Attributes) Credentials refers to a secret that contains the GCP account access credentials. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--gcp--credentials))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--gcp--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.gcp.credentials`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?



<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--mock"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.mock`

Optional:

- `answer_dns_challenge_error_string` (String)
- `answer_dns_challenge_fqdn` (String) these options configure the return values for the mock client's functions
- `delete_acme_challenge_resource_records_error_string` (String)
- `validate_dns_write_access_bool` (Boolean)
- `validate_dns_write_access_error_string` (String)
