---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_chaosblade_io_chaos_blade_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "chaosblade.io"
description: |-
  ChaosBlade is the Schema for the chaosblades API
---

# k8s_chaosblade_io_chaos_blade_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

ChaosBlade is the Schema for the chaosblades API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_chaosblade_io_chaos_blade_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) ChaosBladeSpec defines the desired state of ChaosBlade (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `experiments` (Attributes List) INSERT ADDITIONAL SPEC FIELDS - desired state of cluster Important: Run 'operator-sdk generate k8s' to regenerate code after modifying this file Add custom validation using kubebuilder tags: https://book-v1.book.kubebuilder.io/beyond_basics/generating_crd.html (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--experiments))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--experiments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.experiments`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action is the experiment scenario of the target, such as delay, load
- `scope` (String) Scope is the area of the experiments, currently support node, pod and container
- `target` (String) Target is the experiment target, such as cpu, network

Optional:

- `desc` (String) Desc is the experiment description
- `matchers` (Attributes List) Matchers is the experiment rules (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--experiments--matchers))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--experiments--matchers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.experiments.matchers`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of flag
- `value` (List of String) TODO: Temporarily defined as an array for all flags Value is the value of flag
