---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_chaos_mesh_org_gcp_chaos_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "chaos-mesh.org"
description: |-
  GCPChaos is the Schema for the gcpchaos API
---

# k8s_chaos_mesh_org_gcp_chaos_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

GCPChaos is the Schema for the gcpchaos API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_chaos_mesh_org_gcp_chaos_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
  spec = {
    action   = "disk-loss"
    instance = "some-instance"
    project  = "some-project"
    zone     = "some-zone"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) GCPChaosSpec is the content of the specification for a GCPChaos (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action defines the specific gcp chaos action. Supported action: node-stop / node-reset / disk-loss Default action: node-stop
- `instance` (String) Instance defines the name of the instance
- `project` (String) Project defines the ID of gcp project.
- `zone` (String) Zone defines the zone of gcp project.

Optional:

- `device_names` (List of String) The device name of disks to detach. Needed in disk-loss.
- `duration` (String) Duration represents the duration of the chaos action.
- `remote_cluster` (String) RemoteCluster represents the remote cluster where the chaos will be deployed
- `secret_name` (String) SecretName defines the name of kubernetes secret. It is used for GCP credentials.
