---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_chaos_mesh_org_aws_chaos_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "chaos-mesh.org"
description: |-
  AWSChaos is the Schema for the awschaos API
---

# k8s_chaos_mesh_org_aws_chaos_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

AWSChaos is the Schema for the awschaos API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_chaos_mesh_org_aws_chaos_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
  spec = {
    action       = "ec2-restart"
    aws_region   = "eu-central1"
    ec2_instance = "t3.xlarge"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) AWSChaosSpec is the content of the specification for an AWSChaos (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action defines the specific aws chaos action. Supported action: ec2-stop / ec2-restart / detach-volume Default action: ec2-stop
- `aws_region` (String) AWSRegion defines the region of aws.
- `ec2_instance` (String) Ec2Instance indicates the ID of the ec2 instance.

Optional:

- `device_name` (String) DeviceName indicates the name of the device. Needed in detach-volume.
- `duration` (String) Duration represents the duration of the chaos action.
- `endpoint` (String) Endpoint indicates the endpoint of the aws server. Just used it in test now.
- `remote_cluster` (String) RemoteCluster represents the remote cluster where the chaos will be deployed
- `secret_name` (String) SecretName defines the name of kubernetes secret.
- `volume_id` (String) EbsVolume indicates the ID of the EBS volume. Needed in detach-volume.
