---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_chaos_mesh_org_kernel_chaos_v1alpha1 Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "chaos-mesh.org"
description: |-
  KernelChaos is the Schema for the kernelchaos API
---

# k8s_chaos_mesh_org_kernel_chaos_v1alpha1 (Data Source)

KernelChaos is the Schema for the kernelchaos API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_chaos_mesh_org_kernel_chaos_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `spec` (Attributes) Spec defines the behavior of a kernel chaos experiment (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Read-Only:

- `container_names` (List of String) ContainerNames indicates list of the name of affected container. If not set, the first container will be injected
- `duration` (String) Duration represents the duration of the chaos action
- `fail_kern_request` (Attributes) FailKernRequest defines the request of kernel injection (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--fail_kern_request))
- `mode` (String) Mode defines the mode to run chaos action. Supported mode: one / all / fixed / fixed-percent / random-max-percent
- `remote_cluster` (String) RemoteCluster represents the remote cluster where the chaos will be deployed
- `selector` (Attributes) Selector is used to select pods that are used to inject chaos action. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--selector))
- `value` (String) Value is required when the mode is set to 'FixedMode' / 'FixedPercentMode' / 'RandomMaxPercentMode'. If 'FixedMode', provide an integer of pods to do chaos action. If 'FixedPercentMode', provide a number from 0-100 to specify the percent of pods the server can do chaos action. IF 'RandomMaxPercentMode',  provide a number from 0-100 to specify the max percent of pods to do chaos action

<a id="nestedatt--spec--fail_kern_request"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.fail_kern_request`

Read-Only:

- `callchain` (Attributes List) Callchain indicate a special call chain, such as:     ext4_mount       -> mount_subtree          -> ...             -> should_failslab With an optional set of predicates and an optional set of parameters, which used with predicates. You can read call chan and predicate examples from https://github.com/chaos-mesh/bpfki/tree/develop/examples to learn more. If no special call chain, just keep Callchain empty, which means it will fail at any call chain with slab alloc (eg: kmalloc). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--fail_kern_request--callchain))
- `failtype` (Number) FailType indicates what to fail, can be set to '0' / '1' / '2' If '0', indicates slab to fail (should_failslab) If '1', indicates alloc_page to fail (should_fail_alloc_page) If '2', indicates bio to fail (should_fail_bio) You can read:   1. https://www.kernel.org/doc/html/latest/fault-injection/fault-injection.html   2. http://github.com/iovisor/bcc/blob/master/tools/inject_example.txt to learn more
- `headers` (List of String) Headers indicates the appropriate kernel headers you need. Eg: 'linux/mmzone.h', 'linux/blkdev.h' and so on
- `probability` (Number) Probability indicates the fails with probability. If you want 1%, please set this field with 1.
- `times` (Number) Times indicates the max times of fails.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--fail_kern_request--callchain"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.fail_kern_request.callchain`

Read-Only:

- `funcname` (String) Funcname can be find from kernel source or '/proc/kallsyms', such as 'ext4_mount'
- `parameters` (String) Parameters is used with predicate, for example, if you want to inject slab error in 'd_alloc_parallel(struct dentry *parent, const struct qstr *name)' with a special name 'bananas', you need to set it to 'struct dentry *parent, const struct qstr *name' otherwise omit it.
- `predicate` (String) Predicate will access the arguments of this Frame, example with Parameters's, you can set it to 'STRNCMP(name->name, 'bananas', 8)' to make inject only with it, or omit it to inject for all d_alloc_parallel call chain.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.selector`

Read-Only:

- `annotation_selectors` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to select objects. A selector based on annotations.
- `expression_selectors` (Attributes List) a slice of label selector expressions that can be used to select objects. A list of selectors based on set-based label expressions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--selector--expression_selectors))
- `field_selectors` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to select objects. A selector based on fields.
- `label_selectors` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to select objects. A selector based on labels.
- `namespaces` (List of String) Namespaces is a set of namespace to which objects belong.
- `node_selectors` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to select nodes. Selector which must match a node's labels, and objects must belong to these selected nodes.
- `nodes` (List of String) Nodes is a set of node name and objects must belong to these nodes.
- `pod_phase_selectors` (List of String) PodPhaseSelectors is a set of condition of a pod at the current time. supported value: Pending / Running / Succeeded / Failed / Unknown
- `pods` (Map of List of String) Pods is a map of string keys and a set values that used to select pods. The key defines the namespace which pods belong, and the each values is a set of pod names.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--selector--expression_selectors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.selector.expression_selectors`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.
- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.
