---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_chaos_mesh_org_status_check_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "chaos-mesh.org"
description: |-
  
---

# k8s_chaos_mesh_org_status_check_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_chaos_mesh_org_status_check_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
  spec = {
    type = "HTTP"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) Spec defines the behavior of a status check (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type defines the specific status check type. Support type: HTTP

Optional:

- `duration` (String) Duration defines the duration of the whole status check if the number of failed execution does not exceed the failure threshold. Duration is available to both 'Synchronous' and 'Continuous' mode. A duration string is a possibly signed sequence of decimal numbers, each with optional fraction and a unit suffix, such as '300ms', '-1.5h' or '2h45m'. Valid time units are 'ns', 'us' (or 'µs'), 'ms', 's', 'm', 'h'.
- `failure_threshold` (Number) FailureThreshold defines the minimum consecutive failure for the status check to be considered failed.
- `http` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--http))
- `interval_seconds` (Number) IntervalSeconds defines how often (in seconds) to perform an execution of status check.
- `mode` (String) Mode defines the execution mode of the status check. Support type: Synchronous / Continuous
- `records_history_limit` (Number) RecordsHistoryLimit defines the number of record to retain.
- `success_threshold` (Number) SuccessThreshold defines the minimum consecutive successes for the status check to be considered successful. SuccessThreshold only works for 'Synchronous' mode.
- `timeout_seconds` (Number) TimeoutSeconds defines the number of seconds after which an execution of status check times out.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--http"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.http`

Required:

- `criteria` (Attributes) Criteria defines how to determine the result of the status check. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--http--criteria))
- `url` (String)

Optional:

- `body` (String)
- `headers` (Map of List of String) A Header represents the key-value pairs in an HTTP header.  The keys should be in canonical form, as returned by CanonicalHeaderKey.
- `method` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--http--criteria"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.http.criteria`

Required:

- `status_code` (String) StatusCode defines the expected http status code for the request. A statusCode string could be a single code (e.g. 200), or an inclusive range (e.g. 200-400, both '200' and '400' are included).
