---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_chaos_mesh_org_azure_chaos_v1alpha1 Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "chaos-mesh.org"
description: |-
  AzureChaos is the Schema for the azurechaos API
---

# k8s_chaos_mesh_org_azure_chaos_v1alpha1 (Data Source)

AzureChaos is the Schema for the azurechaos API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_chaos_mesh_org_azure_chaos_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) The API group of the requested resource.
- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `kind` (String) The type of the requested resource.
- `spec` (Attributes) AzureChaosSpec is the content of the specification for an AzureChaos (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) Action defines the specific azure chaos action. Supported action: vm-stop / vm-restart / disk-detach Default action: vm-stop
- `disk_name` (String) DiskName indicates the name of the disk. Needed in disk-detach.
- `duration` (String) Duration represents the duration of the chaos action.
- `lun` (Number) LUN indicates the Logical Unit Number of the data disk. Needed in disk-detach.
- `remote_cluster` (String) RemoteCluster represents the remote cluster where the chaos will be deployed
- `resource_group_name` (String) ResourceGroupName defines the name of ResourceGroup
- `secret_name` (String) SecretName defines the name of kubernetes secret. It is used for Azure credentials.
- `subscription_id` (String) SubscriptionID defines the id of Azure subscription.
- `vm_name` (String) VMName defines the name of Virtual Machine
