---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_chaos_mesh_org_http_chaos_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "chaos-mesh.org"
description: |-
  HTTPChaos is the Schema for the HTTPchaos API
---

# k8s_chaos_mesh_org_http_chaos_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

HTTPChaos is the Schema for the HTTPchaos API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_chaos_mesh_org_http_chaos_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `mode` (String) Mode defines the mode to run chaos action. Supported mode: one / all / fixed / fixed-percent / random-max-percent
- `selector` (Attributes) Selector is used to select pods that are used to inject chaos action. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--selector))
- `target` (String) Target is the object to be selected and injected.

Optional:

- `abort` (Boolean) Abort is a rule to abort a http session.
- `code` (Number) Code is a rule to select target by http status code in response.
- `delay` (String) Delay represents the delay of the target request/response. A duration string is a possibly unsigned sequence of decimal numbers, each with optional fraction and a unit suffix, such as '300ms', '2h45m'. Valid time units are 'ns', 'us' (or 'µs'), 'ms', 's', 'm', 'h'.
- `duration` (String) Duration represents the duration of the chaos action.
- `method` (String) Method is a rule to select target by http method in request.
- `patch` (Attributes) Patch is a rule to patch some contents in target. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--patch))
- `path` (String) Path is a rule to select target by uri path in http request.
- `port` (Number) Port represents the target port to be proxy of.
- `remote_cluster` (String) RemoteCluster represents the remote cluster where the chaos will be deployed
- `replace` (Attributes) Replace is a rule to replace some contents in target. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--replace))
- `request_headers` (Map of String) RequestHeaders is a rule to select target by http headers in request. The key-value pairs represent header name and header value pairs.
- `response_headers` (Map of String) ResponseHeaders is a rule to select target by http headers in response. The key-value pairs represent header name and header value pairs.
- `tls` (Attributes) TLS is the tls config, will override PodHttpChaos if there are multiple HTTPChaos experiments are applied (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tls))
- `value` (String) Value is required when the mode is set to 'FixedMode' / 'FixedPercentMode' / 'RandomMaxPercentMode'. If 'FixedMode', provide an integer of pods to do chaos action. If 'FixedPercentMode', provide a number from 0-100 to specify the percent of pods the server can do chaos action. IF 'RandomMaxPercentMode',  provide a number from 0-100 to specify the max percent of pods to do chaos action

<a id="nestedatt--spec--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.selector`

Optional:

- `annotation_selectors` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to select objects. A selector based on annotations.
- `expression_selectors` (Attributes List) a slice of label selector expressions that can be used to select objects. A list of selectors based on set-based label expressions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--selector--expression_selectors))
- `field_selectors` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to select objects. A selector based on fields.
- `label_selectors` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to select objects. A selector based on labels.
- `namespaces` (List of String) Namespaces is a set of namespace to which objects belong.
- `node_selectors` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to select nodes. Selector which must match a node's labels, and objects must belong to these selected nodes.
- `nodes` (List of String) Nodes is a set of node name and objects must belong to these nodes.
- `pod_phase_selectors` (List of String) PodPhaseSelectors is a set of condition of a pod at the current time. supported value: Pending / Running / Succeeded / Failed / Unknown
- `pods` (Map of List of String) Pods is a map of string keys and a set values that used to select pods. The key defines the namespace which pods belong, and the each values is a set of pod names.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--selector--expression_selectors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.selector.expression_selectors`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--patch"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.patch`

Optional:

- `body` (Attributes) Body is a rule to patch message body of target. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--patch--body))
- `headers` (List of String) Headers is a rule to append http headers of target. For example: '[['Set-Cookie', '<one cookie>'], ['Set-Cookie', '<another cookie>']]'.
- `queries` (List of String) Queries is a rule to append uri queries of target(Request only). For example: '[['foo', 'bar'], ['foo', 'unknown']]'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--patch--body"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.patch.body`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type represents the patch type, only support 'JSON' as [merge patch json](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7396) currently.
- `value` (String) Value is the patch contents.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--replace"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.replace`

Optional:

- `body` (String) Body is a rule to replace http message body in target.
- `code` (Number) Code is a rule to replace http status code in response.
- `headers` (Map of String) Headers is a rule to replace http headers of target. The key-value pairs represent header name and header value pairs.
- `method` (String) Method is a rule to replace http method in request.
- `path` (String) Path is rule to to replace uri path in http request.
- `queries` (Map of String) Queries is a rule to replace uri queries in http request. For example, with value '{ 'foo': 'unknown' }', the '/?foo=bar' will be altered to '/?foo=unknown',


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tls`

Required:

- `cert_name` (String) CertName represents the data name of cert file in secret, 'tls.crt' for example
- `key_name` (String) KeyName represents the data name of key file in secret, 'tls.key' for example
- `secret_name` (String) SecretName represents the name of required secret resource
- `secret_namespace` (String) SecretNamespace represents the namespace of required secret resource

Optional:

- `ca_name` (String) CAName represents the data name of ca file in secret, 'ca.crt' for example
