---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_chaos_mesh_org_io_chaos_v1alpha1 Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "chaos-mesh.org"
description: |-
  IOChaos is the Schema for the iochaos API
---

# k8s_chaos_mesh_org_io_chaos_v1alpha1 (Data Source)

IOChaos is the Schema for the iochaos API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_chaos_mesh_org_io_chaos_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) The API group of the requested resource.
- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `kind` (String) The type of the requested resource.
- `spec` (Attributes) IOChaosSpec defines the desired state of IOChaos (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) Action defines the specific pod chaos action. Supported action: latency / fault / attrOverride / mistake
- `attr` (Attributes) Attr defines the overrided attribution (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--attr))
- `container_names` (List of String) ContainerNames indicates list of the name of affected container. If not set, the first container will be injected
- `delay` (String) Delay defines the value of I/O chaos action delay. A delay string is a possibly signed sequence of decimal numbers, each with optional fraction and a unit suffix, such as '300ms'. Valid time units are 'ns', 'us' (or 'µs'), 'ms', 's', 'm', 'h'.
- `duration` (String) Duration represents the duration of the chaos action. It is required when the action is 'PodFailureAction'. A duration string is a possibly signed sequence of decimal numbers, each with optional fraction and a unit suffix, such as '300ms', '-1.5h' or '2h45m'. Valid time units are 'ns', 'us' (or 'µs'), 'ms', 's', 'm', 'h'.
- `errno` (Number) Errno defines the error code that returned by I/O action. refer to: https://www-numi.fnal.gov/offline_software/srt_public_context/WebDocs/Errors/unix_system_errors.html
- `methods` (List of String) Methods defines the I/O methods for injecting I/O chaos action. default: all I/O methods.
- `mistake` (Attributes) Mistake defines what types of incorrectness are injected to IO operations (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mistake))
- `mode` (String) Mode defines the mode to run chaos action. Supported mode: one / all / fixed / fixed-percent / random-max-percent
- `path` (String) Path defines the path of files for injecting I/O chaos action.
- `percent` (Number) Percent defines the percentage of injection errors and provides a number from 0-100. default: 100.
- `remote_cluster` (String) RemoteCluster represents the remote cluster where the chaos will be deployed
- `selector` (Attributes) Selector is used to select pods that are used to inject chaos action. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--selector))
- `value` (String) Value is required when the mode is set to 'FixedMode' / 'FixedPercentMode' / 'RandomMaxPercentMode'. If 'FixedMode', provide an integer of pods to do chaos action. If 'FixedPercentMode', provide a number from 0-100 to specify the percent of pods the server can do chaos action. IF 'RandomMaxPercentMode',  provide a number from 0-100 to specify the max percent of pods to do chaos action
- `volume_path` (String) VolumePath represents the mount path of injected volume

<a id="nestedatt--spec--attr"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.attr`

Read-Only:

- `atime` (Attributes) Timespec represents a time (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--attr--atime))
- `blocks` (Number)
- `ctime` (Attributes) Timespec represents a time (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--attr--ctime))
- `gid` (Number)
- `ino` (Number)
- `kind` (String) FileType represents type of file
- `mtime` (Attributes) Timespec represents a time (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--attr--mtime))
- `nlink` (Number)
- `perm` (Number)
- `rdev` (Number)
- `size` (Number)
- `uid` (Number)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--attr--atime"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.attr.atime`

Read-Only:

- `nsec` (Number)
- `sec` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--attr--ctime"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.attr.ctime`

Read-Only:

- `nsec` (Number)
- `sec` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--attr--mtime"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.attr.mtime`

Read-Only:

- `nsec` (Number)
- `sec` (Number)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--mistake"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mistake`

Read-Only:

- `filling` (String) Filling determines what is filled in the mistake data.
- `max_length` (Number) Max length of each wrong data segment in bytes
- `max_occurrences` (Number) There will be [1, MaxOccurrences] segments of wrong data.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.selector`

Read-Only:

- `annotation_selectors` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to select objects. A selector based on annotations.
- `expression_selectors` (Attributes List) a slice of label selector expressions that can be used to select objects. A list of selectors based on set-based label expressions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--selector--expression_selectors))
- `field_selectors` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to select objects. A selector based on fields.
- `label_selectors` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to select objects. A selector based on labels.
- `namespaces` (List of String) Namespaces is a set of namespace to which objects belong.
- `node_selectors` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to select nodes. Selector which must match a node's labels, and objects must belong to these selected nodes.
- `nodes` (List of String) Nodes is a set of node name and objects must belong to these nodes.
- `pod_phase_selectors` (List of String) PodPhaseSelectors is a set of condition of a pod at the current time. supported value: Pending / Running / Succeeded / Failed / Unknown
- `pods` (Map of List of String) Pods is a map of string keys and a set values that used to select pods. The key defines the namespace which pods belong, and the each values is a set of pod names.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--selector--expression_selectors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.selector.expression_selectors`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.
- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.
