---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_chisel_operator_io_exit_node_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "chisel-operator.io"
description: |-
  Auto-generated derived type for ExitNodeSpec via 'CustomResource'
---

# k8s_chisel_operator_io_exit_node_v1_manifest (Data Source)

Auto-generated derived type for ExitNodeSpec via 'CustomResource'

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_chisel_operator_io_exit_node_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) ExitNode is a custom resource that represents a Chisel exit node. It will be used as the reverse proxy for all services in the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `host` (String) Hostname or IP address of the chisel server
- `port` (Number) Control plane port of the chisel server

Optional:

- `auth` (String) Optional authentication secret name to connect to the control plane
- `chisel_image` (String) Optional value for the chisel client image used to connect to the chisel server If not provided, jpillora/chisel:latest is used
- `default_route` (Boolean) Optional boolean value for whether to make the exit node the default route for the cluster If true, the exit node will be the default route for the cluster default value is false
- `external_host` (String) Optional real external hostname/IP of exit node If not provided, the host field will be used
- `fingerprint` (String) Optional but highly recommended fingerprint to perform host-key validation against the server's public key
