---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_cilium_io_cilium_clusterwide_envoy_config_v2_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "cilium.io"
description: |-
  
---

# k8s_cilium_io_cilium_clusterwide_envoy_config_v2_manifest (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_cilium_io_cilium_clusterwide_envoy_config_v2_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `resources` (List of Map of String) Envoy xDS resources, a list of the following Envoy resource types: type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.listener.v3.Listener, type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.route.v3.RouteConfiguration, type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.cluster.v3.Cluster, type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.endpoint.v3.ClusterLoadAssignment, and type.googleapis.com/envoy.extensions.transport_sockets.tls.v3.Secret.

Optional:

- `backend_services` (Attributes List) BackendServices specifies Kubernetes services whose backends are automatically synced to Envoy using EDS. Traffic for these services is not forwarded to an Envoy listener. This allows an Envoy listener load balance traffic to these backends while normal Cilium service load balancing takes care of balancing traffic for these services at the same time. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--backend_services))
- `node_selector` (Attributes) NodeSelector is a label selector that determines to which nodes this configuration applies. If nil, then this config applies to all nodes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--node_selector))
- `services` (Attributes List) Services specifies Kubernetes services for which traffic is forwarded to an Envoy listener for L7 load balancing. Backends of these services are automatically synced to Envoy usign EDS. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--services))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--backend_services"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.backend_services`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of a destination Kubernetes service that identifies traffic to be redirected.

Optional:

- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the Kubernetes service namespace. In CiliumEnvoyConfig namespace defaults to the namespace of the CEC, In CiliumClusterwideEnvoyConfig namespace defaults to 'default'.
- `number` (List of String) Ports is a set of port numbers, which can be used for filtering in case of underlying is exposing multiple port numbers.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--node_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.node_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--node_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--node_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.node_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--services"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.services`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of a destination Kubernetes service that identifies traffic to be redirected.

Optional:

- `listener` (String) Listener specifies the name of the Envoy listener the service traffic is redirected to. The listener must be specified in the Envoy 'resources' of the same CiliumEnvoyConfig. If omitted, the first listener specified in 'resources' is used.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the Kubernetes service namespace. In CiliumEnvoyConfig namespace this is overridden to the namespace of the CEC, In CiliumClusterwideEnvoyConfig namespace defaults to 'default'.
- `ports` (List of String) Ports is a set of service's frontend ports that should be redirected to the Envoy listener. By default all frontend ports of the service are redirected.
