---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_cilium_io_cilium_l2_announcement_policy_v2alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "cilium.io"
description: |-
  CiliumL2AnnouncementPolicy is a Kubernetes third-party resource which is used to defined which nodes should announce what services on the L2 network.
---

# k8s_cilium_io_cilium_l2_announcement_policy_v2alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

CiliumL2AnnouncementPolicy is a Kubernetes third-party resource which is used to defined which nodes should announce what services on the L2 network.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_cilium_io_cilium_l2_announcement_policy_v2alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) Spec is a human readable description of a L2 announcement policy (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `external_i_ps` (Boolean) If true, the external IPs of the services are announced
- `interfaces` (List of String) A list of regular expressions that express which network interface(s) should be used to announce the services over. If nil, all network interfaces are used.
- `load_balancer_i_ps` (Boolean) If true, the loadbalancer IPs of the services are announced  If nil this policy applies to all services.
- `node_selector` (Attributes) NodeSelector selects a group of nodes which will announce the IPs for the services selected by the service selector.  If nil this policy applies to all nodes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--node_selector))
- `service_selector` (Attributes) ServiceSelector selects a set of services which will be announced over L2 networks. The loadBalancerClass for a service must be nil or specify a supported class, e.g. 'io.cilium/l2-announcer'. Refer to the following document for additional details regarding load balancer classes:  https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#load-balancer-class  If nil this policy applies to all services. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--service_selector))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--node_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.node_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--node_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--node_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.node_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--service_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.service_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--service_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--service_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.service_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.
