---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_cilium_io_cilium_bgp_peering_policy_v2alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "cilium.io"
description: |-
  CiliumBGPPeeringPolicy is a Kubernetes third-party resource for instructing Cilium's BGP control plane to create virtual BGP routers.
---

# k8s_cilium_io_cilium_bgp_peering_policy_v2alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

CiliumBGPPeeringPolicy is a Kubernetes third-party resource for instructing Cilium's BGP control plane to create virtual BGP routers.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_cilium_io_cilium_bgp_peering_policy_v2alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) Spec is a human readable description of a BGP peering policy (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `virtual_routers` (Attributes List) A list of CiliumBGPVirtualRouter(s) which instructs the BGP control plane how to instantiate virtual BGP routers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--virtual_routers))

Optional:

- `node_selector` (Attributes) NodeSelector selects a group of nodes where this BGP Peering Policy applies.  If empty / nil this policy applies to all nodes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--node_selector))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--virtual_routers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.virtual_routers`

Required:

- `local_asn` (Number) LocalASN is the ASN of this virtual router. Supports extended 32bit ASNs
- `neighbors` (Attributes List) Neighbors is a list of neighboring BGP peers for this virtual router (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--virtual_routers--neighbors))

Optional:

- `export_pod_cidr` (Boolean) ExportPodCIDR determines whether to export the Node's private CIDR block to the configured neighbors.
- `service_selector` (Attributes) ServiceSelector selects a group of load balancer services which this virtual router will announce. The loadBalancerClass for a service must be nil or specify a class supported by Cilium, e.g. 'io.cilium/bgp-control-plane'. Refer to the following document for additional details regarding load balancer classes:  https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#load-balancer-class  If empty / nil no services will be announced. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--virtual_routers--service_selector))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--virtual_routers--neighbors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.virtual_routers.neighbors`

Required:

- `peer_address` (String) PeerAddress is the IP address of the peer. This must be in CIDR notation and use a /32 to express a single host.
- `peer_asn` (Number) PeerASN is the ASN of the peer BGP router. Supports extended 32bit ASNs

Optional:

- `connect_retry_time_seconds` (Number) ConnectRetryTimeSeconds defines the initial value for the BGP ConnectRetryTimer (RFC 4271, Section 8).
- `e_bgp_multihop_ttl` (Number) EBGPMultihopTTL controls the multi-hop feature for eBGP peers. Its value defines the Time To Live (TTL) value used in BGP packets sent to the neighbor. The value 1 implies that eBGP multi-hop feature is disabled (only a single hop is allowed). This field is ignored for iBGP peers.
- `families` (Attributes List) Families, if provided, defines a set of AFI/SAFIs the speaker will negotiate with it's peer.  If this slice is not provided the default families of IPv6 and IPv4 will be provided. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--virtual_routers--neighbors--families))
- `graceful_restart` (Attributes) GracefulRestart defines graceful restart parameters which are negotiated with this neighbor. If empty / nil, the graceful restart capability is disabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--virtual_routers--neighbors--graceful_restart))
- `hold_time_seconds` (Number) HoldTimeSeconds defines the initial value for the BGP HoldTimer (RFC 4271, Section 4.2). Updating this value will cause a session reset.
- `keep_alive_time_seconds` (Number) KeepaliveTimeSeconds defines the initial value for the BGP KeepaliveTimer (RFC 4271, Section 8). It can not be larger than HoldTimeSeconds. Updating this value will cause a session reset.
- `peer_port` (Number) PeerPort is the TCP port of the peer. 1-65535 is the range of valid port numbers that can be specified. If unset, defaults to 179.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--virtual_routers--neighbors--families"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.virtual_routers.neighbors.peer_port`

Required:

- `afi` (String)
- `safi` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--virtual_routers--neighbors--graceful_restart"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.virtual_routers.neighbors.peer_port`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled flag, when set enables graceful restart capability.

Optional:

- `restart_time_seconds` (Number) RestartTimeSeconds is the estimated time it will take for the BGP session to be re-established with peer after a restart. After this period, peer will remove stale routes. This is described RFC 4724 section 4.2.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--virtual_routers--service_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.virtual_routers.service_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--virtual_routers--service_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--virtual_routers--service_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.virtual_routers.service_selector.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--node_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.node_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--node_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--node_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.node_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.
