---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_cloudtrail_services_k8s_aws_event_data_store_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "cloudtrail.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  EventDataStore is the Schema for the EventDataStores API
---

# k8s_cloudtrail_services_k8s_aws_event_data_store_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

EventDataStore is the Schema for the EventDataStores API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_cloudtrail_services_k8s_aws_event_data_store_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) EventDataStoreSpec defines the desired state of EventDataStore.A storage lake of event data against which you can run complex SQL-basedqueries. An event data store can include events that you have logged on youraccount from the last 90 to 2555 days (about three months to up to sevenyears). To select events for an event data store, use advanced event selectors(https://docs.aws.amazon.com/awscloudtrail/latest/userguide/logging-data-events-with-cloudtrail.html#creating-data-event-selectors-advanced). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the event data store.

Optional:

- `advanced_event_selectors` (Attributes List) The advanced event selectors to use to select the events for the data store.For more information about how to use advanced event selectors, see Log eventsby using advanced event selectors (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/awscloudtrail/latest/userguide/logging-data-events-with-cloudtrail.html#creating-data-event-selectors-advanced)in the CloudTrail User Guide. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--advanced_event_selectors))
- `multi_region_enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether the event data store includes events from all regions,or only from the region in which the event data store is created.
- `organization_enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether an event data store collects events logged for an organizationin Organizations.
- `retention_period` (Number) The retention period of the event data store, in days. You can set a retentionperiod of up to 2555 days, the equivalent of seven years.
- `tags` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tags))
- `termination_protection_enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether termination protection is enabled for the event data store.If termination protection is enabled, you cannot delete the event data storeuntil termination protection is disabled.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--advanced_event_selectors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.advanced_event_selectors`

Optional:

- `field_selectors` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--advanced_event_selectors--field_selectors))
- `name` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--advanced_event_selectors--field_selectors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.advanced_event_selectors.field_selectors`

Optional:

- `ends_with` (List of String)
- `equals` (List of String)
- `field` (String)
- `not_ends_with` (List of String)
- `not_equals` (List of String)
- `not_starts_with` (List of String)
- `starts_with` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)
