---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_cloudfront_services_k8s_aws_distribution_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "cloudfront.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  Distribution is the Schema for the Distributions API
---

# k8s_cloudfront_services_k8s_aws_distribution_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

Distribution is the Schema for the Distributions API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_cloudfront_services_k8s_aws_distribution_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) DistributionSpec defines the desired state of Distribution.A distribution tells CloudFront where you want content to be delivered from,and the details about how to track and manage content delivery. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `distribution_config` (Attributes) The distribution's configuration information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config`

Optional:

- `aliases` (Attributes) A complex type that contains information about CNAMEs (alternate domain names),if any, for this distribution. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--aliases))
- `cache_behaviors` (Attributes) A complex type that contains zero or more CacheBehavior elements. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--cache_behaviors))
- `comment` (String)
- `continuous_deployment_policy_id` (String)
- `custom_error_responses` (Attributes) A complex type that controls:   * Whether CloudFront replaces HTTP status codes in the 4xx and 5xx range   with custom error messages before returning the response to the viewer.   * How long CloudFront caches HTTP status codes in the 4xx and 5xx range.For more information about custom error pages, see Customizing Error Responses(https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/custom-error-pages.html)in the Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--custom_error_responses))
- `default_cache_behavior` (Attributes) A complex type that describes the default cache behavior if you don't specifya CacheBehavior element or if request URLs don't match any of the valuesof PathPattern in CacheBehavior elements. You must create exactly one defaultcache behavior. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--default_cache_behavior))
- `default_root_object` (String)
- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `http_version` (String)
- `is_ipv6_enabled` (Boolean)
- `logging` (Attributes) A complex type that controls whether access logs are written for the distribution. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--logging))
- `origin_groups` (Attributes) A complex data type for the origin groups specified for a distribution. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--origin_groups))
- `origins` (Attributes) Contains information about the origins for this distribution. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--origins))
- `price_class` (String)
- `restrictions` (Attributes) A complex type that identifies ways in which you want to restrict distributionof your content. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--restrictions))
- `staging` (Boolean)
- `viewer_certificate` (Attributes) A complex type that determines the distribution's SSL/TLS configuration forcommunicating with viewers.If the distribution doesn't use Aliases (also known as alternate domain namesor CNAMEs)—that is, if the distribution uses the CloudFront domain namesuch as d111111abcdef8.cloudfront.net—set CloudFrontDefaultCertificateto true and leave all other fields empty.If the distribution uses Aliases (alternate domain names or CNAMEs), usethe fields in this type to specify the following settings:   * Which viewers the distribution accepts HTTPS connections from: only   viewers that support server name indication (SNI) (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Server_Name_Indication)   (recommended), or all viewers including those that don't support SNI.   To accept HTTPS connections from only viewers that support SNI, set SSLSupportMethod   to sni-only. This is recommended. Most browsers and clients support SNI.   To accept HTTPS connections from all viewers, including those that don't   support SNI, set SSLSupportMethod to vip. This is not recommended, and   results in additional monthly charges from CloudFront.   * The minimum SSL/TLS protocol version that the distribution can use to   communicate with viewers. To specify a minimum version, choose a value   for MinimumProtocolVersion. For more information, see Security Policy   (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/distribution-web-values-specify.html#DownloadDistValues-security-policy)   in the Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide.   * The location of the SSL/TLS certificate, Certificate Manager (ACM) (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/acm/latest/userguide/acm-overview.html)   (recommended) or Identity and Access Management (IAM) (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_server-certs.html).   You specify the location by setting a value in one of the following fields   (not both): ACMCertificateArn IAMCertificateIdAll distributions support HTTPS connections from viewers. To require viewersto use HTTPS only, or to redirect them from HTTP to HTTPS, use ViewerProtocolPolicyin the CacheBehavior or DefaultCacheBehavior. To specify how CloudFront shoulduse SSL/TLS to communicate with your custom origin, use CustomOriginConfig.For more information, see Using HTTPS with CloudFront (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/using-https.html)and Using Alternate Domain Names and HTTPS (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/using-https-alternate-domain-names.html)in the Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--viewer_certificate))
- `web_aclid` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--aliases"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config.aliases`

Optional:

- `items` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--cache_behaviors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config.cache_behaviors`

Optional:

- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--cache_behaviors--items))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--cache_behaviors--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config.cache_behaviors.items`

Optional:

- `allowed_methods` (Attributes) A complex type that controls which HTTP methods CloudFront processes andforwards to your Amazon S3 bucket or your custom origin. There are threechoices:   * CloudFront forwards only GET and HEAD requests.   * CloudFront forwards only GET, HEAD, and OPTIONS requests.   * CloudFront forwards GET, HEAD, OPTIONS, PUT, PATCH, POST, and DELETE   requests.If you pick the third choice, you may need to restrict access to your AmazonS3 bucket or to your custom origin so users can't perform operations thatyou don't want them to. For example, you might not want users to have permissionsto delete objects from your origin. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--cache_behaviors--items--allowed_methods))
- `cache_policy_id` (String)
- `compress` (Boolean)
- `default_ttl` (Number)
- `field_level_encryption_id` (String)
- `forwarded_values` (Attributes) This field is deprecated. We recommend that you use a cache policy or anorigin request policy instead of this field.If you want to include values in the cache key, use a cache policy. For moreinformation, see Creating cache policies (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/controlling-the-cache-key.html#cache-key-create-cache-policy)in the Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide.If you want to send values to the origin but not include them in the cachekey, use an origin request policy. For more information, see Creating originrequest policies (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/controlling-origin-requests.html#origin-request-create-origin-request-policy)in the Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide.A complex type that specifies how CloudFront handles query strings, cookies,and HTTP headers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--cache_behaviors--items--forwarded_values))
- `function_associations` (Attributes) A list of CloudFront functions that are associated with a cache behaviorin a CloudFront distribution. CloudFront functions must be published to theLIVE stage to associate them with a cache behavior. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--cache_behaviors--items--function_associations))
- `lambda_function_associations` (Attributes) A complex type that specifies a list of Lambda@Edge functions associationsfor a cache behavior.If you want to invoke one or more Lambda@Edge functions triggered by requeststhat match the PathPattern of the cache behavior, specify the applicablevalues for Quantity and Items. Note that there can be up to 4 LambdaFunctionAssociationitems in this list (one for each possible value of EventType) and each EventTypecan be associated with only one function.If you don't want to invoke any Lambda@Edge functions for the requests thatmatch PathPattern, specify 0 for Quantity and omit Items. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--cache_behaviors--items--lambda_function_associations))
- `max_ttl` (Number)
- `min_ttl` (Number)
- `origin_request_policy_id` (String)
- `path_pattern` (String)
- `realtime_log_config_arn` (String)
- `response_headers_policy_id` (String)
- `smooth_streaming` (Boolean)
- `target_origin_id` (String)
- `trusted_key_groups` (Attributes) A list of key groups whose public keys CloudFront can use to verify the signaturesof signed URLs and signed cookies. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--cache_behaviors--items--trusted_key_groups))
- `trusted_signers` (Attributes) A list of Amazon Web Services accounts whose public keys CloudFront can useto verify the signatures of signed URLs and signed cookies. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--cache_behaviors--items--trusted_signers))
- `viewer_protocol_policy` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--cache_behaviors--items--allowed_methods"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config.cache_behaviors.items.allowed_methods`

Optional:

- `cached_methods` (Attributes) A complex type that controls whether CloudFront caches the response to requestsusing the specified HTTP methods. There are two choices:   * CloudFront caches responses to GET and HEAD requests.   * CloudFront caches responses to GET, HEAD, and OPTIONS requests.If you pick the second choice for your Amazon S3 Origin, you may need toforward Access-Control-Request-Method, Access-Control-Request-Headers, andOrigin headers for the responses to be cached correctly. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--cache_behaviors--items--allowed_methods--cached_methods))
- `items` (List of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--cache_behaviors--items--allowed_methods--cached_methods"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config.cache_behaviors.items.allowed_methods.items`

Optional:

- `items` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--cache_behaviors--items--forwarded_values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config.cache_behaviors.items.forwarded_values`

Optional:

- `cookies` (Attributes) This field is deprecated. We recommend that you use a cache policy or anorigin request policy instead of this field.If you want to include cookies in the cache key, use CookiesConfig in a cachepolicy. See CachePolicy.If you want to send cookies to the origin but not include them in the cachekey, use CookiesConfig in an origin request policy. See OriginRequestPolicy.A complex type that specifies whether you want CloudFront to forward cookiesto the origin and, if so, which ones. For more information about forwardingcookies to the origin, see Caching Content Based on Cookies (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/Cookies.html)in the Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--cache_behaviors--items--forwarded_values--cookies))
- `headers` (Attributes) Contains a list of HTTP header names. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--cache_behaviors--items--forwarded_values--headers))
- `query_string` (Boolean)
- `query_string_cache_keys` (Attributes) This field is deprecated. We recommend that you use a cache policy or anorigin request policy instead of this field.If you want to include query strings in the cache key, use QueryStringsConfigin a cache policy. See CachePolicy.If you want to send query strings to the origin but not include them in thecache key, use QueryStringsConfig in an origin request policy. See OriginRequestPolicy.A complex type that contains information about the query string parametersthat you want CloudFront to use for caching for a cache behavior. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--cache_behaviors--items--forwarded_values--query_string_cache_keys))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--cache_behaviors--items--forwarded_values--cookies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config.cache_behaviors.items.forwarded_values.query_string_cache_keys`

Optional:

- `forward` (String)
- `whitelisted_names` (Attributes) Contains a list of cookie names. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--cache_behaviors--items--forwarded_values--query_string_cache_keys--whitelisted_names))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--cache_behaviors--items--forwarded_values--query_string_cache_keys--whitelisted_names"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config.cache_behaviors.items.forwarded_values.query_string_cache_keys.whitelisted_names`

Optional:

- `items` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--cache_behaviors--items--forwarded_values--headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config.cache_behaviors.items.forwarded_values.query_string_cache_keys`

Optional:

- `items` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--cache_behaviors--items--forwarded_values--query_string_cache_keys"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config.cache_behaviors.items.forwarded_values.query_string_cache_keys`

Optional:

- `items` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--cache_behaviors--items--function_associations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config.cache_behaviors.items.function_associations`

Optional:

- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--cache_behaviors--items--function_associations--items))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--cache_behaviors--items--function_associations--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config.cache_behaviors.items.function_associations.items`

Optional:

- `event_type` (String)
- `function_arn` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--cache_behaviors--items--lambda_function_associations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config.cache_behaviors.items.lambda_function_associations`

Optional:

- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--cache_behaviors--items--lambda_function_associations--items))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--cache_behaviors--items--lambda_function_associations--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config.cache_behaviors.items.lambda_function_associations.items`

Optional:

- `event_type` (String)
- `include_body` (Boolean)
- `lambda_function_arn` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--cache_behaviors--items--trusted_key_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config.cache_behaviors.items.trusted_key_groups`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `items` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--cache_behaviors--items--trusted_signers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config.cache_behaviors.items.trusted_signers`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `items` (List of String)




<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--custom_error_responses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config.custom_error_responses`

Optional:

- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--custom_error_responses--items))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--custom_error_responses--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config.custom_error_responses.items`

Optional:

- `error_caching_min_ttl` (Number)
- `error_code` (Number)
- `response_code` (String)
- `response_page_path` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--default_cache_behavior"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config.default_cache_behavior`

Optional:

- `allowed_methods` (Attributes) A complex type that controls which HTTP methods CloudFront processes andforwards to your Amazon S3 bucket or your custom origin. There are threechoices:   * CloudFront forwards only GET and HEAD requests.   * CloudFront forwards only GET, HEAD, and OPTIONS requests.   * CloudFront forwards GET, HEAD, OPTIONS, PUT, PATCH, POST, and DELETE   requests.If you pick the third choice, you may need to restrict access to your AmazonS3 bucket or to your custom origin so users can't perform operations thatyou don't want them to. For example, you might not want users to have permissionsto delete objects from your origin. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--default_cache_behavior--allowed_methods))
- `cache_policy_id` (String)
- `compress` (Boolean)
- `default_ttl` (Number)
- `field_level_encryption_id` (String)
- `forwarded_values` (Attributes) This field is deprecated. We recommend that you use a cache policy or anorigin request policy instead of this field.If you want to include values in the cache key, use a cache policy. For moreinformation, see Creating cache policies (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/controlling-the-cache-key.html#cache-key-create-cache-policy)in the Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide.If you want to send values to the origin but not include them in the cachekey, use an origin request policy. For more information, see Creating originrequest policies (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/controlling-origin-requests.html#origin-request-create-origin-request-policy)in the Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide.A complex type that specifies how CloudFront handles query strings, cookies,and HTTP headers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--default_cache_behavior--forwarded_values))
- `function_associations` (Attributes) A list of CloudFront functions that are associated with a cache behaviorin a CloudFront distribution. CloudFront functions must be published to theLIVE stage to associate them with a cache behavior. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--default_cache_behavior--function_associations))
- `lambda_function_associations` (Attributes) A complex type that specifies a list of Lambda@Edge functions associationsfor a cache behavior.If you want to invoke one or more Lambda@Edge functions triggered by requeststhat match the PathPattern of the cache behavior, specify the applicablevalues for Quantity and Items. Note that there can be up to 4 LambdaFunctionAssociationitems in this list (one for each possible value of EventType) and each EventTypecan be associated with only one function.If you don't want to invoke any Lambda@Edge functions for the requests thatmatch PathPattern, specify 0 for Quantity and omit Items. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--default_cache_behavior--lambda_function_associations))
- `max_ttl` (Number)
- `min_ttl` (Number)
- `origin_request_policy_id` (String)
- `realtime_log_config_arn` (String)
- `response_headers_policy_id` (String)
- `smooth_streaming` (Boolean)
- `target_origin_id` (String)
- `trusted_key_groups` (Attributes) A list of key groups whose public keys CloudFront can use to verify the signaturesof signed URLs and signed cookies. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--default_cache_behavior--trusted_key_groups))
- `trusted_signers` (Attributes) A list of Amazon Web Services accounts whose public keys CloudFront can useto verify the signatures of signed URLs and signed cookies. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--default_cache_behavior--trusted_signers))
- `viewer_protocol_policy` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--default_cache_behavior--allowed_methods"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config.default_cache_behavior.viewer_protocol_policy`

Optional:

- `cached_methods` (Attributes) A complex type that controls whether CloudFront caches the response to requestsusing the specified HTTP methods. There are two choices:   * CloudFront caches responses to GET and HEAD requests.   * CloudFront caches responses to GET, HEAD, and OPTIONS requests.If you pick the second choice for your Amazon S3 Origin, you may need toforward Access-Control-Request-Method, Access-Control-Request-Headers, andOrigin headers for the responses to be cached correctly. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--default_cache_behavior--viewer_protocol_policy--cached_methods))
- `items` (List of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--default_cache_behavior--viewer_protocol_policy--cached_methods"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config.default_cache_behavior.viewer_protocol_policy.cached_methods`

Optional:

- `items` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--default_cache_behavior--forwarded_values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config.default_cache_behavior.viewer_protocol_policy`

Optional:

- `cookies` (Attributes) This field is deprecated. We recommend that you use a cache policy or anorigin request policy instead of this field.If you want to include cookies in the cache key, use CookiesConfig in a cachepolicy. See CachePolicy.If you want to send cookies to the origin but not include them in the cachekey, use CookiesConfig in an origin request policy. See OriginRequestPolicy.A complex type that specifies whether you want CloudFront to forward cookiesto the origin and, if so, which ones. For more information about forwardingcookies to the origin, see Caching Content Based on Cookies (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/Cookies.html)in the Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--default_cache_behavior--viewer_protocol_policy--cookies))
- `headers` (Attributes) Contains a list of HTTP header names. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--default_cache_behavior--viewer_protocol_policy--headers))
- `query_string` (Boolean)
- `query_string_cache_keys` (Attributes) This field is deprecated. We recommend that you use a cache policy or anorigin request policy instead of this field.If you want to include query strings in the cache key, use QueryStringsConfigin a cache policy. See CachePolicy.If you want to send query strings to the origin but not include them in thecache key, use QueryStringsConfig in an origin request policy. See OriginRequestPolicy.A complex type that contains information about the query string parametersthat you want CloudFront to use for caching for a cache behavior. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--default_cache_behavior--viewer_protocol_policy--query_string_cache_keys))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--default_cache_behavior--viewer_protocol_policy--cookies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config.default_cache_behavior.viewer_protocol_policy.cookies`

Optional:

- `forward` (String)
- `whitelisted_names` (Attributes) Contains a list of cookie names. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--default_cache_behavior--viewer_protocol_policy--cookies--whitelisted_names))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--default_cache_behavior--viewer_protocol_policy--cookies--whitelisted_names"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config.default_cache_behavior.viewer_protocol_policy.cookies.whitelisted_names`

Optional:

- `items` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--default_cache_behavior--viewer_protocol_policy--headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config.default_cache_behavior.viewer_protocol_policy.headers`

Optional:

- `items` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--default_cache_behavior--viewer_protocol_policy--query_string_cache_keys"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config.default_cache_behavior.viewer_protocol_policy.query_string_cache_keys`

Optional:

- `items` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--default_cache_behavior--function_associations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config.default_cache_behavior.viewer_protocol_policy`

Optional:

- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--default_cache_behavior--viewer_protocol_policy--items))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--default_cache_behavior--viewer_protocol_policy--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config.default_cache_behavior.viewer_protocol_policy.items`

Optional:

- `event_type` (String)
- `function_arn` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--default_cache_behavior--lambda_function_associations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config.default_cache_behavior.viewer_protocol_policy`

Optional:

- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--default_cache_behavior--viewer_protocol_policy--items))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--default_cache_behavior--viewer_protocol_policy--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config.default_cache_behavior.viewer_protocol_policy.items`

Optional:

- `event_type` (String)
- `include_body` (Boolean)
- `lambda_function_arn` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--default_cache_behavior--trusted_key_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config.default_cache_behavior.viewer_protocol_policy`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `items` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--default_cache_behavior--trusted_signers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config.default_cache_behavior.viewer_protocol_policy`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `items` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--logging"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config.logging`

Optional:

- `bucket` (String)
- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `include_cookies` (Boolean)
- `prefix` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--origin_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config.origin_groups`

Optional:

- `items` (Attributes List) List of origin groups for a distribution. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--origin_groups--items))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--origin_groups--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config.origin_groups.items`

Optional:

- `failover_criteria` (Attributes) A complex data type that includes information about the failover criteriafor an origin group, including the status codes for which CloudFront willfailover from the primary origin to the second origin. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--origin_groups--items--failover_criteria))
- `id` (String)
- `members` (Attributes) A complex data type for the origins included in an origin group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--origin_groups--items--members))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--origin_groups--items--failover_criteria"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config.origin_groups.items.failover_criteria`

Optional:

- `status_codes` (Attributes) A complex data type for the status codes that you specify that, when returnedby a primary origin, trigger CloudFront to failover to a second origin. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--origin_groups--items--failover_criteria--status_codes))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--origin_groups--items--failover_criteria--status_codes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config.origin_groups.items.failover_criteria.status_codes`

Optional:

- `items` (List of String) List of status codes for origin failover.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--origin_groups--items--members"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config.origin_groups.items.members`

Optional:

- `items` (Attributes List) List of origins in an origin group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--origin_groups--items--members--items))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--origin_groups--items--members--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config.origin_groups.items.members.items`

Optional:

- `origin_id` (String)





<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--origins"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config.origins`

Optional:

- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--origins--items))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--origins--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config.origins.items`

Optional:

- `connection_attempts` (Number)
- `connection_timeout` (Number)
- `custom_headers` (Attributes) A complex type that contains the list of Custom Headers for each origin. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--origins--items--custom_headers))
- `custom_origin_config` (Attributes) A custom origin. A custom origin is any origin that is not an Amazon S3 bucket,with one exception. An Amazon S3 bucket that is configured with static websitehosting (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/WebsiteHosting.html)is a custom origin. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--origins--items--custom_origin_config))
- `domain_name` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `origin_access_control_id` (String)
- `origin_path` (String)
- `origin_shield` (Attributes) CloudFront Origin Shield.Using Origin Shield can help reduce the load on your origin. For more information,see Using Origin Shield (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/origin-shield.html)in the Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--origins--items--origin_shield))
- `s3_origin_config` (Attributes) A complex type that contains information about the Amazon S3 origin. If theorigin is a custom origin or an S3 bucket that is configured as a websiteendpoint, use the CustomOriginConfig element instead. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--origins--items--s3_origin_config))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--origins--items--custom_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config.origins.items.custom_headers`

Optional:

- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--origins--items--custom_headers--items))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--origins--items--custom_headers--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config.origins.items.custom_headers.items`

Optional:

- `header_name` (String)
- `header_value` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--origins--items--custom_origin_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config.origins.items.custom_origin_config`

Optional:

- `http_port` (Number)
- `http_s_port` (Number)
- `origin_keepalive_timeout` (Number)
- `origin_protocol_policy` (String)
- `origin_read_timeout` (Number)
- `origin_ssl_protocols` (Attributes) A complex type that contains information about the SSL/TLS protocols thatCloudFront can use when establishing an HTTPS connection with your origin. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--origins--items--custom_origin_config--origin_ssl_protocols))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--origins--items--custom_origin_config--origin_ssl_protocols"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config.origins.items.custom_origin_config.origin_ssl_protocols`

Optional:

- `items` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--origins--items--origin_shield"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config.origins.items.origin_shield`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `origin_shield_region` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--origins--items--s3_origin_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config.origins.items.s3_origin_config`

Optional:

- `origin_access_identity` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--restrictions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config.restrictions`

Optional:

- `geo_restriction` (Attributes) A complex type that controls the countries in which your content is distributed.CloudFront determines the location of your users using MaxMind GeoIP databases. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--restrictions--geo_restriction))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--restrictions--geo_restriction"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config.restrictions.geo_restriction`

Optional:

- `items` (List of String)
- `restriction_type` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--viewer_certificate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config.viewer_certificate`

Optional:

- `acm_certificate_arn` (String)
- `acm_certificate_ref` (Attributes) Reference field for ACMCertificateARN (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--viewer_certificate--acm_certificate_ref))
- `certificate` (String)
- `certificate_source` (String)
- `cloud_front_default_certificate` (Boolean)
- `iam_certificate_id` (String)
- `minimum_protocol_version` (String)
- `ssl_support_method` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--viewer_certificate--acm_certificate_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config.viewer_certificate.ssl_support_method`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference anotherk8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--viewer_certificate--ssl_support_method--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--distribution_config--viewer_certificate--ssl_support_method--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.distribution_config.viewer_certificate.ssl_support_method.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)
