---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_cloudtrail_services_k8s_aws_trail_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "cloudtrail.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  Trail is the Schema for the Trails API
---

# k8s_cloudtrail_services_k8s_aws_trail_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

Trail is the Schema for the Trails API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_cloudtrail_services_k8s_aws_trail_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) TrailSpec defines the desired state of Trail. The settings for a trail. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `name` (String) Specifies the name of the trail. The name must meet the following requirements: * Contain only ASCII letters (a-z, A-Z), numbers (0-9), periods (.), underscores (_), or dashes (-) * Start with a letter or number, and end with a letter or number * Be between 3 and 128 characters * Have no adjacent periods, underscores or dashes. Names like my-_namespace and my--namespace are not valid. * Not be in IP address format (for example, 192.168.5.4)
- `s3_bucket_name` (String) Specifies the name of the Amazon S3 bucket designated for publishing log files. See Amazon S3 Bucket Naming Requirements (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/awscloudtrail/latest/userguide/create_trail_naming_policy.html).

Optional:

- `cloud_watch_logs_log_group_arn` (String) Specifies a log group name using an Amazon Resource Name (ARN), a unique identifier that represents the log group to which CloudTrail logs will be delivered. Not required unless you specify CloudWatchLogsRoleArn.
- `cloud_watch_logs_role_arn` (String) Specifies the role for the CloudWatch Logs endpoint to assume to write to a user's log group.
- `enable_log_file_validation` (Boolean) Specifies whether log file integrity validation is enabled. The default is false. When you disable log file integrity validation, the chain of digest files is broken after one hour. CloudTrail does not create digest files for log files that were delivered during a period in which log file integrity validation was disabled. For example, if you enable log file integrity validation at noon on January 1, disable it at noon on January 2, and re-enable it at noon on January 10, digest files will not be created for the log files delivered from noon on January 2 to noon on January 10. The same applies whenever you stop CloudTrail logging or delete a trail.
- `include_global_service_events` (Boolean) Specifies whether the trail is publishing events from global services such as IAM to the log files.
- `is_multi_region_trail` (Boolean) Specifies whether the trail is created in the current region or in all regions. The default is false, which creates a trail only in the region where you are signed in. As a best practice, consider creating trails that log events in all regions.
- `is_organization_trail` (Boolean) Specifies whether the trail is created for all accounts in an organization in Organizations, or only for the current Amazon Web Services account. The default is false, and cannot be true unless the call is made on behalf of an Amazon Web Services account that is the management account for an organization in Organizations.
- `kms_key_id` (String) Specifies the KMS key ID to use to encrypt the logs delivered by CloudTrail. The value can be an alias name prefixed by 'alias/', a fully specified ARN to an alias, a fully specified ARN to a key, or a globally unique identifier. CloudTrail also supports KMS multi-Region keys. For more information about multi-Region keys, see Using multi-Region keys (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/multi-region-keys-overview.html) in the Key Management Service Developer Guide. Examples: * alias/MyAliasName * arn:aws:kms:us-east-2:123456789012:alias/MyAliasName * arn:aws:kms:us-east-2:123456789012:key/12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012 * 12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012
- `s3_key_prefix` (String) Specifies the Amazon S3 key prefix that comes after the name of the bucket you have designated for log file delivery. For more information, see Finding Your CloudTrail Log Files (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/awscloudtrail/latest/userguide/cloudtrail-find-log-files.html). The maximum length is 200 characters.
- `sns_topic_name` (String) Specifies the name of the Amazon SNS topic defined for notification of log file delivery. The maximum length is 256 characters.
- `tags` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)
