---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_cloudwatchlogs_services_k8s_aws_log_group_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "cloudwatchlogs.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  LogGroup is the Schema for the LogGroups API
---

# k8s_cloudwatchlogs_services_k8s_aws_log_group_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

LogGroup is the Schema for the LogGroups API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_cloudwatchlogs_services_k8s_aws_log_group_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) LogGroupSpec defines the desired state of LogGroup.Represents a log group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `name` (String)

Optional:

- `kms_key_id` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the KMS key to use when encrypting logdata. For more information, see Amazon Resource Names (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/aws-arns-and-namespaces.html#arn-syntax-kms).
- `kms_key_ref` (Attributes) AWSResourceReferenceWrapper provides a wrapper around *AWSResourceReferencetype to provide more user friendly syntax for references using 'from' fieldEx:APIIDRef:	from:	  name: my-api (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--kms_key_ref))
- `retention_days` (Number)
- `tags` (Map of String) The key-value pairs to use for the tags.You can grant users access to certain log groups while preventing them fromaccessing other log groups. To do so, tag your groups and use IAM policiesthat refer to those tags. To assign tags when you create a log group, youmust have either the logs:TagResource or logs:TagLogGroup permission. Formore information about tagging, see Tagging Amazon Web Services resources(https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/aws_tagging.html). For moreinformation about using tags to control access, see Controlling access toAmazon Web Services resources using tags (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access_tags.html).

<a id="nestedatt--spec--kms_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.kms_key_ref`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference anotherk8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--kms_key_ref--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--kms_key_ref--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.kms_key_ref.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)
