---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_cloudfront_services_k8s_aws_cache_policy_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "cloudfront.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  CachePolicy is the Schema for the CachePolicies API
---

# k8s_cloudfront_services_k8s_aws_cache_policy_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

CachePolicy is the Schema for the CachePolicies API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_cloudfront_services_k8s_aws_cache_policy_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) CachePolicySpec defines the desired state of CachePolicy.A cache policy.When it's attached to a cache behavior, the cache policy determines the following:   * The values that CloudFront includes in the cache key. These values can   include HTTP headers, cookies, and URL query strings. CloudFront uses   the cache key to find an object in its cache that it can return to the   viewer.   * The default, minimum, and maximum time to live (TTL) values that you   want objects to stay in the CloudFront cache.The headers, cookies, and query strings that are included in the cache keyare also included in requests that CloudFront sends to the origin. CloudFrontsends a request when it can't find a valid object in its cache that matchesthe request's cache key. If you want to send values to the origin but notinclude them in the cache key, use OriginRequestPolicy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `cache_policy_config` (Attributes) A cache policy configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cache_policy_config))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cache_policy_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cache_policy_config`

Optional:

- `comment` (String)
- `default_ttl` (Number)
- `max_ttl` (Number)
- `min_ttl` (Number)
- `name` (String)
- `parameters_in_cache_key_and_forwarded_to_origin` (Attributes) This object determines the values that CloudFront includes in the cache key.These values can include HTTP headers, cookies, and URL query strings. CloudFrontuses the cache key to find an object in its cache that it can return to theviewer.The headers, cookies, and query strings that are included in the cache keyare also included in requests that CloudFront sends to the origin. CloudFrontsends a request when it can't find an object in its cache that matches therequest's cache key. If you want to send values to the origin but not includethem in the cache key, use OriginRequestPolicy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cache_policy_config--parameters_in_cache_key_and_forwarded_to_origin))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cache_policy_config--parameters_in_cache_key_and_forwarded_to_origin"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cache_policy_config.parameters_in_cache_key_and_forwarded_to_origin`

Optional:

- `cookies_config` (Attributes) An object that determines whether any cookies in viewer requests (and ifso, which cookies) are included in the cache key and in requests that CloudFrontsends to the origin. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cache_policy_config--parameters_in_cache_key_and_forwarded_to_origin--cookies_config))
- `enable_accept_encoding_brotli` (Boolean)
- `enable_accept_encoding_gzip` (Boolean)
- `headers_config` (Attributes) An object that determines whether any HTTP headers (and if so, which headers)are included in the cache key and in requests that CloudFront sends to theorigin. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cache_policy_config--parameters_in_cache_key_and_forwarded_to_origin--headers_config))
- `query_strings_config` (Attributes) An object that determines whether any URL query strings in viewer requests(and if so, which query strings) are included in the cache key and in requeststhat CloudFront sends to the origin. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cache_policy_config--parameters_in_cache_key_and_forwarded_to_origin--query_strings_config))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cache_policy_config--parameters_in_cache_key_and_forwarded_to_origin--cookies_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cache_policy_config.parameters_in_cache_key_and_forwarded_to_origin.query_strings_config`

Optional:

- `cookie_behavior` (String)
- `cookies` (Attributes) Contains a list of cookie names. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cache_policy_config--parameters_in_cache_key_and_forwarded_to_origin--query_strings_config--cookies))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cache_policy_config--parameters_in_cache_key_and_forwarded_to_origin--query_strings_config--cookies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cache_policy_config.parameters_in_cache_key_and_forwarded_to_origin.query_strings_config.cookies`

Optional:

- `items` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--cache_policy_config--parameters_in_cache_key_and_forwarded_to_origin--headers_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cache_policy_config.parameters_in_cache_key_and_forwarded_to_origin.query_strings_config`

Optional:

- `header_behavior` (String)
- `headers` (Attributes) Contains a list of HTTP header names. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cache_policy_config--parameters_in_cache_key_and_forwarded_to_origin--query_strings_config--headers))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cache_policy_config--parameters_in_cache_key_and_forwarded_to_origin--query_strings_config--headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cache_policy_config.parameters_in_cache_key_and_forwarded_to_origin.query_strings_config.headers`

Optional:

- `items` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--cache_policy_config--parameters_in_cache_key_and_forwarded_to_origin--query_strings_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cache_policy_config.parameters_in_cache_key_and_forwarded_to_origin.query_strings_config`

Optional:

- `query_string_behavior` (String)
- `query_strings` (Attributes) Contains a list of query string names. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cache_policy_config--parameters_in_cache_key_and_forwarded_to_origin--query_strings_config--query_strings))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cache_policy_config--parameters_in_cache_key_and_forwarded_to_origin--query_strings_config--query_strings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cache_policy_config.parameters_in_cache_key_and_forwarded_to_origin.query_strings_config.query_strings`

Optional:

- `items` (List of String)
