---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_clustertemplate_openshift_io_cluster_template_instance_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "clustertemplate.openshift.io"
description: |-
  Represents instance of a cluster
---

# k8s_clustertemplate_openshift_io_cluster_template_instance_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

Represents instance of a cluster

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_clustertemplate_openshift_io_cluster_template_instance_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `cluster_template_ref` (String) A reference to ClusterTemplate which will be used for installing and setting up the cluster

Optional:

- `kubeconfig_secret_ref` (String) A reference to a secret which contains kubeconfig of the cluster. If specified day1 operation won't be executed.
- `parameters` (Attributes List) Helm parameters to be passed to cluster installation or setup (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--parameters))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.parameters`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the Helm parameter
- `value` (String) Value of the Helm parameter

Optional:

- `cluster_setup` (String) Name of the application set to which parameter is applied
