---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_cluster_x_k8s_io_cluster_v1alpha4_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "cluster.x-k8s.io"
description: |-
  Cluster is the Schema for the clusters API.  Deprecated: This type will be removed in one of the next releases.
---

# k8s_cluster_x_k8s_io_cluster_v1alpha4_manifest (Data Source)

Cluster is the Schema for the clusters API.  Deprecated: This type will be removed in one of the next releases.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_cluster_x_k8s_io_cluster_v1alpha4_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) ClusterSpec defines the desired state of Cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `cluster_network` (Attributes) Cluster network configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_network))
- `control_plane_endpoint` (Attributes) ControlPlaneEndpoint represents the endpoint used to communicate with the control plane. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--control_plane_endpoint))
- `control_plane_ref` (Attributes) ControlPlaneRef is an optional reference to a provider-specific resource that holds the details for provisioning the Control Plane for a Cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--control_plane_ref))
- `infrastructure_ref` (Attributes) InfrastructureRef is a reference to a provider-specific resource that holds the details for provisioning infrastructure for a cluster in said provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--infrastructure_ref))
- `paused` (Boolean) Paused can be used to prevent controllers from processing the Cluster and all its associated objects.
- `topology` (Attributes) This encapsulates the topology for the cluster. NOTE: It is required to enable the ClusterTopology feature gate flag to activate managed topologies support; this feature is highly experimental, and parts of it might still be not implemented. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--topology))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_network`

Optional:

- `api_server_port` (Number) APIServerPort specifies the port the API Server should bind to. Defaults to 6443.
- `pods` (Attributes) The network ranges from which Pod networks are allocated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_network--pods))
- `service_domain` (String) Domain name for services.
- `services` (Attributes) The network ranges from which service VIPs are allocated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_network--services))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_network--pods"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_network.pods`

Required:

- `cidr_blocks` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_network--services"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_network.services`

Required:

- `cidr_blocks` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--control_plane_endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.control_plane_endpoint`

Required:

- `host` (String) The hostname on which the API server is serving.
- `port` (Number) The port on which the API server is serving.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--control_plane_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.control_plane_ref`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.
- `field_path` (String) If referring to a piece of an object instead of an entire object, this string should contain a valid JSON/Go field access statement, such as desiredState.manifest.containers[2]. For example, if the object reference is to a container within a pod, this would take on a value like: 'spec.containers{name}' (where 'name' refers to the name of the container that triggered the event) or if no container name is specified 'spec.containers[2]' (container with index 2 in this pod). This syntax is chosen only to have some well-defined way of referencing a part of an object. TODO: this design is not final and this field is subject to change in the future.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/
- `resource_version` (String) Specific resourceVersion to which this reference is made, if any. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `uid` (String) UID of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#uids


<a id="nestedatt--spec--infrastructure_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.infrastructure_ref`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.
- `field_path` (String) If referring to a piece of an object instead of an entire object, this string should contain a valid JSON/Go field access statement, such as desiredState.manifest.containers[2]. For example, if the object reference is to a container within a pod, this would take on a value like: 'spec.containers{name}' (where 'name' refers to the name of the container that triggered the event) or if no container name is specified 'spec.containers[2]' (container with index 2 in this pod). This syntax is chosen only to have some well-defined way of referencing a part of an object. TODO: this design is not final and this field is subject to change in the future.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/
- `resource_version` (String) Specific resourceVersion to which this reference is made, if any. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `uid` (String) UID of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#uids


<a id="nestedatt--spec--topology"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.topology`

Required:

- `class` (String) The name of the ClusterClass object to create the topology.
- `version` (String) The Kubernetes version of the cluster.

Optional:

- `control_plane` (Attributes) ControlPlane describes the cluster control plane. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--topology--control_plane))
- `rollout_after` (String) RolloutAfter performs a rollout of the entire cluster one component at a time, control plane first and then machine deployments.
- `workers` (Attributes) Workers encapsulates the different constructs that form the worker nodes for the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--topology--workers))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--topology--control_plane"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.topology.control_plane`

Optional:

- `metadata` (Attributes) Metadata is the metadata applied to the machines of the ControlPlane. At runtime this metadata is merged with the corresponding metadata from the ClusterClass.  This field is supported if and only if the control plane provider template referenced in the ClusterClass is Machine based. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--topology--control_plane--metadata))
- `replicas` (Number) Replicas is the number of control plane nodes. If the value is nil, the ControlPlane object is created without the number of Replicas and it's assumed that the control plane controller does not implement support for this field. When specified against a control plane provider that lacks support for this field, this value will be ignored.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--topology--control_plane--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.topology.control_plane.replicas`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata. They are not queryable and should be preserved when modifying objects. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/annotations
- `labels` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize (scope and select) objects. May match selectors of replication controllers and services. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/labels



<a id="nestedatt--spec--topology--workers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.topology.workers`

Optional:

- `machine_deployments` (Attributes List) MachineDeployments is a list of machine deployments in the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--topology--workers--machine_deployments))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--topology--workers--machine_deployments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.topology.workers.machine_deployments`

Required:

- `class` (String) Class is the name of the MachineDeploymentClass used to create the set of worker nodes. This should match one of the deployment classes defined in the ClusterClass object mentioned in the 'Cluster.Spec.Class' field.
- `name` (String) Name is the unique identifier for this MachineDeploymentTopology. The value is used with other unique identifiers to create a MachineDeployment's Name (e.g. cluster's name, etc). In case the name is greater than the allowed maximum length, the values are hashed together.

Optional:

- `metadata` (Attributes) Metadata is the metadata applied to the machines of the MachineDeployment. At runtime this metadata is merged with the corresponding metadata from the ClusterClass. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--topology--workers--machine_deployments--metadata))
- `replicas` (Number) Replicas is the number of worker nodes belonging to this set. If the value is nil, the MachineDeployment is created without the number of Replicas (defaulting to zero) and it's assumed that an external entity (like cluster autoscaler) is responsible for the management of this value.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--topology--workers--machine_deployments--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.topology.workers.machine_deployments.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata. They are not queryable and should be preserved when modifying objects. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/annotations
- `labels` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize (scope and select) objects. May match selectors of replication controllers and services. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/labels
