---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_clusters_clusternet_io_managed_cluster_v1beta1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "clusters.clusternet.io"
description: |-
  ManagedCluster is the Schema for the managedclusters API
---

# k8s_clusters_clusternet_io_managed_cluster_v1beta1_manifest (Data Source)

ManagedCluster is the Schema for the managedclusters API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_clusters_clusternet_io_managed_cluster_v1beta1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) ManagedClusterSpec defines the desired state of ManagedCluster (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `cluster_id` (String) ClusterID, a Random (Version 4) UUID, is a unique value in time and space value representing for child cluster. It is typically generated by the clusternet agent on the successful creation of a 'clusternet-agent' Lease in the child cluster. Also it is not allowed to change on PUT operations.
- `sync_mode` (String) SyncMode decides how to sync resources from parent cluster to child cluster.

Optional:

- `cluster_init_base_name` (String) ClusterInitBaseName denotes the name of a Base used for initialization. Also a taint 'clusters.clusternet.io/initialization:NoSchedule' will be added during the operation and removed after successful initialization. If this cluster has got an annotation 'clusters.clusternet.io/skip-cluster-init', this field will be empty. Normally this field is fully managed by clusternet-controller-manager and immutable.
- `cluster_type` (String) ClusterType denotes the type of the child cluster.
- `taints` (Attributes List) Taints has the 'effect' on any resource that does not tolerate the Taint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--taints))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--taints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.taints`

Required:

- `effect` (String) Required. The effect of the taint on pods that do not tolerate the taint. Valid effects are NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Required. The taint key to be applied to a node.

Optional:

- `time_added` (String) TimeAdded represents the time at which the taint was added. It is only written for NoExecute taints.
- `value` (String) The taint value corresponding to the taint key.
