---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_cluster_x_k8s_io_machine_pool_v1alpha3_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "cluster.x-k8s.io"
description: |-
  MachinePool is the Schema for the machinepools API.Deprecated: This type will be removed in one of the next releases.
---

# k8s_cluster_x_k8s_io_machine_pool_v1alpha3_manifest (Data Source)

MachinePool is the Schema for the machinepools API.Deprecated: This type will be removed in one of the next releases.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_cluster_x_k8s_io_machine_pool_v1alpha3_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) MachinePoolSpec defines the desired state of MachinePool. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `cluster_name` (String) ClusterName is the name of the Cluster this object belongs to.
- `template` (Attributes) Template describes the machines that will be created. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template))

Optional:

- `failure_domains` (List of String) FailureDomains is the list of failure domains this MachinePool should be attached to.
- `min_ready_seconds` (Number) Minimum number of seconds for which a newly created machine instances shouldbe ready.Defaults to 0 (machine instance will be considered available as soon as itis ready)
- `provider_id_list` (List of String) ProviderIDList are the identification IDs of machine instances provided by the provider.This field must match the provider IDs as seen on the node objects corresponding to a machine pool's machine instances.
- `replicas` (Number) Number of desired machines. Defaults to 1.This is a pointer to distinguish between explicit zero and not specified.
- `strategy` (Attributes) The deployment strategy to use to replace existing machine instances withnew ones. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--strategy))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template`

Optional:

- `metadata` (Attributes) Standard object's metadata.More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) Specification of the desired behavior of the machine.More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#spec-and-status (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may beset by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata. They are notqueryable and should be preserved when modifying objects.More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/annotations
- `generate_name` (String) GenerateName is an optional prefix, used by the server, to generate a uniquename ONLY IF the Name field has not been provided.If this field is used, the name returned to the client will be differentthan the name passed. This value will also be combined with a unique suffix.The provided value has the same validation rules as the Name field,and may be truncated by the length of the suffix required to make the valueunique on the server.If this field is specified and the generated name exists, the server willNOT return a 409 - instead, it will either return 201 Created or 500 with ReasonServerTimeout indicating a unique name could not be found in the time allotted, and the clientshould retry (optionally after the time indicated in the Retry-After header).Applied only if Name is not specified.More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#idempotencyDeprecated: This field has no function and is going to be removed in a next release.
- `labels` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize(scope and select) objects. May match selectors of replication controllersand services.More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/labels
- `name` (String) Name must be unique within a namespace. Is required when creating resources, althoughsome resources may allow a client to request the generation of an appropriate nameautomatically. Name is primarily intended for creation idempotence and configurationdefinition.Cannot be updated.More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/identifiers#namesDeprecated: This field has no function and is going to be removed in a next release.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace defines the space within each name must be unique. An empty namespace isequivalent to the 'default' namespace, but 'default' is the canonical representation.Not all objects are required to be scoped to a namespace - the value of this field forthose objects will be empty.Must be a DNS_LABEL.Cannot be updated.More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/namespacesDeprecated: This field has no function and is going to be removed in a next release.
- `owner_references` (Attributes List) List of objects depended by this object. If ALL objects in the list havebeen deleted, this object will be garbage collected. If this object is managed by a controller,then an entry in this list will point to this controller, with the controller field set to true.There cannot be more than one managing controller.Deprecated: This field has no function and is going to be removed in a next release. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--metadata--owner_references))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--metadata--owner_references"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.metadata.owner_references`

Required:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent.More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names#names
- `uid` (String) UID of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names#uids

Optional:

- `block_owner_deletion` (Boolean) If true, AND if the owner has the 'foregroundDeletion' finalizer, thenthe owner cannot be deleted from the key-value store until thisreference is removed.See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/architecture/garbage-collection/#foreground-deletionfor how the garbage collector interacts with this field and enforces the foreground deletion.Defaults to false.To set this field, a user needs 'delete' permission of the owner,otherwise 422 (Unprocessable Entity) will be returned.
- `controller` (Boolean) If true, this reference points to the managing controller.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec`

Required:

- `bootstrap` (Attributes) Bootstrap is a reference to a local struct which encapsulatesfields to configure the Machine’s bootstrapping mechanism. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec--bootstrap))
- `cluster_name` (String) ClusterName is the name of the Cluster this object belongs to.
- `infrastructure_ref` (Attributes) InfrastructureRef is a required reference to a custom resourceoffered by an infrastructure provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec--infrastructure_ref))

Optional:

- `failure_domain` (String) FailureDomain is the failure domain the machine will be created in.Must match a key in the FailureDomains map stored on the cluster object.
- `node_drain_timeout` (String) NodeDrainTimeout is the total amount of time that the controller will spend on draining a node.The default value is 0, meaning that the node can be drained without any time limitations.NOTE: NodeDrainTimeout is different from 'kubectl drain --timeout'
- `provider_id` (String) ProviderID is the identification ID of the machine provided by the provider.This field must match the provider ID as seen on the node object corresponding to this machine.This field is required by higher level consumers of cluster-api. Example use case is cluster autoscalerwith cluster-api as provider. Clean-up logic in the autoscaler compares machines to nodes to find outmachines at provider which could not get registered as Kubernetes nodes. With cluster-api as ageneric out-of-tree provider for autoscaler, this field is required by autoscaler to beable to have a provider view of the list of machines. Another list of nodes is queried from the k8s apiserverand then a comparison is done to find out unregistered machines and are marked for delete.This field will be set by the actuators and consumed by higher level entities like autoscaler that willbe interfacing with cluster-api as generic provider.
- `version` (String) Version defines the desired Kubernetes version.This field is meant to be optionally used by bootstrap providers.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec--bootstrap"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.bootstrap`

Optional:

- `config_ref` (Attributes) ConfigRef is a reference to a bootstrap provider-specific resourcethat holds configuration details. The reference is optional toallow users/operators to specify Bootstrap.Data withoutthe need of a controller. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec--version--config_ref))
- `data` (String) Data contains the bootstrap data, such as cloud-init details scripts.If nil, the Machine should remain in the Pending state.Deprecated: Switch to DataSecretName.
- `data_secret_name` (String) DataSecretName is the name of the secret that stores the bootstrap data script.If nil, the Machine should remain in the Pending state.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec--version--config_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.version.config_ref`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.
- `field_path` (String) If referring to a piece of an object instead of an entire object, this stringshould contain a valid JSON/Go field access statement, such as desiredState.manifest.containers[2].For example, if the object reference is to a container within a pod, this would take on a value like:'spec.containers{name}' (where 'name' refers to the name of the container that triggeredthe event) or if no container name is specified 'spec.containers[2]' (container withindex 2 in this pod). This syntax is chosen only to have some well-defined way ofreferencing a part of an object.TODO: this design is not final and this field is subject to change in the future.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent.More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/
- `resource_version` (String) Specific resourceVersion to which this reference is made, if any.More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `uid` (String) UID of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#uids



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec--infrastructure_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.infrastructure_ref`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.
- `field_path` (String) If referring to a piece of an object instead of an entire object, this stringshould contain a valid JSON/Go field access statement, such as desiredState.manifest.containers[2].For example, if the object reference is to a container within a pod, this would take on a value like:'spec.containers{name}' (where 'name' refers to the name of the container that triggeredthe event) or if no container name is specified 'spec.containers[2]' (container withindex 2 in this pod). This syntax is chosen only to have some well-defined way ofreferencing a part of an object.TODO: this design is not final and this field is subject to change in the future.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent.More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/
- `resource_version` (String) Specific resourceVersion to which this reference is made, if any.More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `uid` (String) UID of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#uids




<a id="nestedatt--spec--strategy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.strategy`

Optional:

- `rolling_update` (Attributes) Rolling update config params. Present only ifMachineDeploymentStrategyType = RollingUpdate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--strategy--rolling_update))
- `type` (String) Type of deployment. Currently the only supported strategy is'RollingUpdate'.Default is RollingUpdate.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--strategy--rolling_update"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.strategy.rolling_update`

Optional:

- `max_surge` (String) The maximum number of machines that can be scheduled above thedesired number of machines.Value can be an absolute number (ex: 5) or a percentage ofdesired machines (ex: 10%).This can not be 0 if MaxUnavailable is 0.Absolute number is calculated from percentage by rounding up.Defaults to 1.Example: when this is set to 30%, the new MachineSet can be scaledup immediately when the rolling update starts, such that the totalnumber of old and new machines do not exceed 130% of desiredmachines. Once old machines have been killed, new MachineSet canbe scaled up further, ensuring that total number of machines runningat any time during the update is at most 130% of desired machines.
- `max_unavailable` (String) The maximum number of machines that can be unavailable during the update.Value can be an absolute number (ex: 5) or a percentage of desiredmachines (ex: 10%).Absolute number is calculated from percentage by rounding down.This can not be 0 if MaxSurge is 0.Defaults to 0.Example: when this is set to 30%, the old MachineSet can be scaleddown to 70% of desired machines immediately when the rolling updatestarts. Once new machines are ready, old MachineSet can be scaleddown further, followed by scaling up the new MachineSet, ensuringthat the total number of machines available at all timesduring the update is at least 70% of desired machines.
