---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_clusters_clusternet_io_cluster_registration_request_v1beta1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "clusters.clusternet.io"
description: |-
  ClusterRegistrationRequest is the Schema for the clusterregistrationrequests API
---

# k8s_clusters_clusternet_io_cluster_registration_request_v1beta1_manifest (Data Source)

ClusterRegistrationRequest is the Schema for the clusterregistrationrequests API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_clusters_clusternet_io_cluster_registration_request_v1beta1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) ClusterRegistrationRequestSpec defines the desired state of ClusterRegistrationRequest (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `cluster_id` (String) ClusterID, a Random (Version 4) UUID, is a unique value in time and space value representing for child cluster. It is typically generated by the clusternet agent on the successful creation of a 'clusternet-agent' Lease in the child cluster. Also it is not allowed to change on PUT operations.

Optional:

- `cluster_labels` (Map of String) ClusterLabels is the labels of the child cluster.
- `cluster_name` (String) ClusterName is the cluster name. a lower case alphanumeric characters or '-', and must start and end with an alphanumeric character
- `cluster_namespace` (String) ClusterNamespace is the dedicated namespace of the cluster.
- `cluster_type` (String) ClusterType denotes the type of the child cluster.
- `sync_mode` (String) SyncMode decides how to sync resources from parent cluster to child cluster.
