---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_cluster_ipfs_io_ipfs_cluster_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "cluster.ipfs.io"
description: |-
  IpfsCluster is the Schema for the ipfs API.
---

# k8s_cluster_ipfs_io_ipfs_cluster_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

IpfsCluster is the Schema for the ipfs API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_cluster_ipfs_io_ipfs_cluster_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) IpfsClusterSpec defines the desired state of the IpfsCluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `cluster_storage` (String) clusterStorage defines the amount of storage to be used by IPFS Cluster.
- `ipfs_storage` (String) ipfsStorage defines the total storage to be allocated by this resource.
- `networking` (Attributes) networking defines network configuration settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--networking))
- `replicas` (Number) replicas sets the number of replicas of IPFS Cluster nodes we should be running.

Optional:

- `follows` (Attributes List) follows defines the list of other IPFS Clusters this one should follow. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--follows))
- `ipfs_resources` (Attributes) ipfsResources specifies the resource requirements for each IPFS container. If this value is omitted, then the operator will automatically determine these settings based on the storage sizes used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ipfs_resources))
- `reprovider` (Attributes) reprovider Describes the settings that each IPFS node should use when reproviding content. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--reprovider))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--networking"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.networking`

Required:

- `circuit_relays` (Number) circuitRelays defines how many CircuitRelays should be created.

Optional:

- `public` (Boolean) public is a switch which defines whether this IPFSCluster will use the global IPFS network or create its own.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--follows"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.follows`

Required:

- `name` (String)
- `template` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--ipfs_resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ipfs_resources`

Optional:

- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/


<a id="nestedatt--spec--reprovider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.reprovider`

Optional:

- `interval` (String) Interval sets the time between rounds of reproviding local content to the routing system. Defaults to '12h'.
- `strategy` (String) Strategy specifies the reprovider strategy, defaults to 'all'.
