---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_cluster_x_k8s_io_cluster_v1alpha3_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "cluster.x-k8s.io"
description: |-
  Cluster is the Schema for the clusters API.
---

# k8s_cluster_x_k8s_io_cluster_v1alpha3_manifest (Data Source)

Cluster is the Schema for the clusters API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_cluster_x_k8s_io_cluster_v1alpha3_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) ClusterSpec defines the desired state of Cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `cluster_network` (Attributes) Cluster network configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_network))
- `control_plane_endpoint` (Attributes) ControlPlaneEndpoint represents the endpoint used to communicate with the control plane. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--control_plane_endpoint))
- `control_plane_ref` (Attributes) ControlPlaneRef is an optional reference to a provider-specific resource that holdsthe details for provisioning the Control Plane for a Cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--control_plane_ref))
- `infrastructure_ref` (Attributes) InfrastructureRef is a reference to a provider-specific resource that holds the detailsfor provisioning infrastructure for a cluster in said provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--infrastructure_ref))
- `paused` (Boolean) Paused can be used to prevent controllers from processing the Cluster and all its associated objects.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_network`

Optional:

- `api_server_port` (Number) APIServerPort specifies the port the API Server should bind to.Defaults to 6443.
- `pods` (Attributes) The network ranges from which Pod networks are allocated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_network--pods))
- `service_domain` (String) Domain name for services.
- `services` (Attributes) The network ranges from which service VIPs are allocated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_network--services))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_network--pods"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_network.pods`

Required:

- `cidr_blocks` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_network--services"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_network.services`

Required:

- `cidr_blocks` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--control_plane_endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.control_plane_endpoint`

Required:

- `host` (String) The hostname on which the API server is serving.
- `port` (Number) The port on which the API server is serving.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--control_plane_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.control_plane_ref`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.
- `field_path` (String) If referring to a piece of an object instead of an entire object, this stringshould contain a valid JSON/Go field access statement, such as desiredState.manifest.containers[2].For example, if the object reference is to a container within a pod, this would take on a value like:'spec.containers{name}' (where 'name' refers to the name of the container that triggeredthe event) or if no container name is specified 'spec.containers[2]' (container withindex 2 in this pod). This syntax is chosen only to have some well-defined way ofreferencing a part of an object.TODO: this design is not final and this field is subject to change in the future.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent.More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/
- `resource_version` (String) Specific resourceVersion to which this reference is made, if any.More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `uid` (String) UID of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#uids


<a id="nestedatt--spec--infrastructure_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.infrastructure_ref`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.
- `field_path` (String) If referring to a piece of an object instead of an entire object, this stringshould contain a valid JSON/Go field access statement, such as desiredState.manifest.containers[2].For example, if the object reference is to a container within a pod, this would take on a value like:'spec.containers{name}' (where 'name' refers to the name of the container that triggeredthe event) or if no container name is specified 'spec.containers[2]' (container withindex 2 in this pod). This syntax is chosen only to have some well-defined way ofreferencing a part of an object.TODO: this design is not final and this field is subject to change in the future.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent.More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/
- `resource_version` (String) Specific resourceVersion to which this reference is made, if any.More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `uid` (String) UID of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#uids
