---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_cluster_x_k8s_io_machine_set_v1alpha4_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "cluster.x-k8s.io"
description: |-
  MachineSet is the Schema for the machinesets API.  Deprecated: This type will be removed in one of the next releases.
---

# k8s_cluster_x_k8s_io_machine_set_v1alpha4_manifest (Data Source)

MachineSet is the Schema for the machinesets API.  Deprecated: This type will be removed in one of the next releases.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_cluster_x_k8s_io_machine_set_v1alpha4_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) MachineSetSpec defines the desired state of MachineSet. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `cluster_name` (String) ClusterName is the name of the Cluster this object belongs to.
- `selector` (Attributes) Selector is a label query over machines that should match the replica count. Label keys and values that must match in order to be controlled by this MachineSet. It must match the machine template's labels. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/#label-selectors (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--selector))

Optional:

- `delete_policy` (String) DeletePolicy defines the policy used to identify nodes to delete when downscaling. Defaults to 'Random'.  Valid values are 'Random, 'Newest', 'Oldest'
- `min_ready_seconds` (Number) MinReadySeconds is the minimum number of seconds for which a newly created machine should be ready. Defaults to 0 (machine will be considered available as soon as it is ready)
- `replicas` (Number) Replicas is the number of desired replicas. This is a pointer to distinguish between explicit zero and unspecified. Defaults to 1.
- `template` (Attributes) Template is the object that describes the machine that will be created if insufficient replicas are detected. Object references to custom resources are treated as templates. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template`

Optional:

- `metadata` (Attributes) Standard object's metadata. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) Specification of the desired behavior of the machine. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#spec-and-status (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata. They are not queryable and should be preserved when modifying objects. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/annotations
- `labels` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize (scope and select) objects. May match selectors of replication controllers and services. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/labels


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec`

Required:

- `bootstrap` (Attributes) Bootstrap is a reference to a local struct which encapsulates fields to configure the Machine’s bootstrapping mechanism. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec--bootstrap))
- `cluster_name` (String) ClusterName is the name of the Cluster this object belongs to.
- `infrastructure_ref` (Attributes) InfrastructureRef is a required reference to a custom resource offered by an infrastructure provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec--infrastructure_ref))

Optional:

- `failure_domain` (String) FailureDomain is the failure domain the machine will be created in. Must match a key in the FailureDomains map stored on the cluster object.
- `node_drain_timeout` (String) NodeDrainTimeout is the total amount of time that the controller will spend on draining a node. The default value is 0, meaning that the node can be drained without any time limitations. NOTE: NodeDrainTimeout is different from 'kubectl drain --timeout'
- `provider_id` (String) ProviderID is the identification ID of the machine provided by the provider. This field must match the provider ID as seen on the node object corresponding to this machine. This field is required by higher level consumers of cluster-api. Example use case is cluster autoscaler with cluster-api as provider. Clean-up logic in the autoscaler compares machines to nodes to find out machines at provider which could not get registered as Kubernetes nodes. With cluster-api as a generic out-of-tree provider for autoscaler, this field is required by autoscaler to be able to have a provider view of the list of machines. Another list of nodes is queried from the k8s apiserver and then a comparison is done to find out unregistered machines and are marked for delete. This field will be set by the actuators and consumed by higher level entities like autoscaler that will be interfacing with cluster-api as generic provider.
- `version` (String) Version defines the desired Kubernetes version. This field is meant to be optionally used by bootstrap providers.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec--bootstrap"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.version`

Optional:

- `config_ref` (Attributes) ConfigRef is a reference to a bootstrap provider-specific resource that holds configuration details. The reference is optional to allow users/operators to specify Bootstrap.DataSecretName without the need of a controller. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec--version--config_ref))
- `data_secret_name` (String) DataSecretName is the name of the secret that stores the bootstrap data script. If nil, the Machine should remain in the Pending state.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec--version--config_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.version.config_ref`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.
- `field_path` (String) If referring to a piece of an object instead of an entire object, this string should contain a valid JSON/Go field access statement, such as desiredState.manifest.containers[2]. For example, if the object reference is to a container within a pod, this would take on a value like: 'spec.containers{name}' (where 'name' refers to the name of the container that triggered the event) or if no container name is specified 'spec.containers[2]' (container with index 2 in this pod). This syntax is chosen only to have some well-defined way of referencing a part of an object. TODO: this design is not final and this field is subject to change in the future.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/
- `resource_version` (String) Specific resourceVersion to which this reference is made, if any. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `uid` (String) UID of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#uids



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec--infrastructure_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.version`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.
- `field_path` (String) If referring to a piece of an object instead of an entire object, this string should contain a valid JSON/Go field access statement, such as desiredState.manifest.containers[2]. For example, if the object reference is to a container within a pod, this would take on a value like: 'spec.containers{name}' (where 'name' refers to the name of the container that triggered the event) or if no container name is specified 'spec.containers[2]' (container with index 2 in this pod). This syntax is chosen only to have some well-defined way of referencing a part of an object. TODO: this design is not final and this field is subject to change in the future.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/
- `resource_version` (String) Specific resourceVersion to which this reference is made, if any. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `uid` (String) UID of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#uids
