---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_cluster_x_k8s_io_machine_v1beta1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "cluster.x-k8s.io"
description: |-
  Machine is the Schema for the machines API.
---

# k8s_cluster_x_k8s_io_machine_v1beta1_manifest (Data Source)

Machine is the Schema for the machines API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_cluster_x_k8s_io_machine_v1beta1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) MachineSpec defines the desired state of Machine. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `bootstrap` (Attributes) Bootstrap is a reference to a local struct which encapsulates fields to configure the Machine’s bootstrapping mechanism. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--bootstrap))
- `cluster_name` (String) ClusterName is the name of the Cluster this object belongs to.
- `infrastructure_ref` (Attributes) InfrastructureRef is a required reference to a custom resource offered by an infrastructure provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--infrastructure_ref))

Optional:

- `failure_domain` (String) FailureDomain is the failure domain the machine will be created in. Must match a key in the FailureDomains map stored on the cluster object.
- `node_deletion_timeout` (String) NodeDeletionTimeout defines how long the controller will attempt to delete the Node that the Machine hosts after the Machine is marked for deletion. A duration of 0 will retry deletion indefinitely. Defaults to 10 seconds.
- `node_drain_timeout` (String) NodeDrainTimeout is the total amount of time that the controller will spend on draining a node. The default value is 0, meaning that the node can be drained without any time limitations. NOTE: NodeDrainTimeout is different from 'kubectl drain --timeout'
- `node_volume_detach_timeout` (String) NodeVolumeDetachTimeout is the total amount of time that the controller will spend on waiting for all volumes to be detached. The default value is 0, meaning that the volumes can be detached without any time limitations.
- `provider_id` (String) ProviderID is the identification ID of the machine provided by the provider. This field must match the provider ID as seen on the node object corresponding to this machine. This field is required by higher level consumers of cluster-api. Example use case is cluster autoscaler with cluster-api as provider. Clean-up logic in the autoscaler compares machines to nodes to find out machines at provider which could not get registered as Kubernetes nodes. With cluster-api as a generic out-of-tree provider for autoscaler, this field is required by autoscaler to be able to have a provider view of the list of machines. Another list of nodes is queried from the k8s apiserver and then a comparison is done to find out unregistered machines and are marked for delete. This field will be set by the actuators and consumed by higher level entities like autoscaler that will be interfacing with cluster-api as generic provider.
- `readiness_gates` (Attributes List) readinessGates specifies additional conditions to include when evaluating Machine Ready condition. This field can be used e.g. by Cluster API control plane providers to extend the semantic of the Ready condition for the Machine they control, like the kubeadm control provider adding ReadinessGates for the APIServerPodHealthy, SchedulerPodHealthy conditions, etc. Another example are external controllers, e.g. responsible to install special software/hardware on the Machines; they can include the status of those components with a new condition and add this condition to ReadinessGates. NOTE: this field is considered only for computing v1beta2 conditions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--readiness_gates))
- `version` (String) Version defines the desired Kubernetes version. This field is meant to be optionally used by bootstrap providers.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--bootstrap"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.bootstrap`

Optional:

- `config_ref` (Attributes) ConfigRef is a reference to a bootstrap provider-specific resource that holds configuration details. The reference is optional to allow users/operators to specify Bootstrap.DataSecretName without the need of a controller. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--bootstrap--config_ref))
- `data_secret_name` (String) DataSecretName is the name of the secret that stores the bootstrap data script. If nil, the Machine should remain in the Pending state.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--bootstrap--config_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.bootstrap.config_ref`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.
- `field_path` (String) If referring to a piece of an object instead of an entire object, this string should contain a valid JSON/Go field access statement, such as desiredState.manifest.containers[2]. For example, if the object reference is to a container within a pod, this would take on a value like: 'spec.containers{name}' (where 'name' refers to the name of the container that triggered the event) or if no container name is specified 'spec.containers[2]' (container with index 2 in this pod). This syntax is chosen only to have some well-defined way of referencing a part of an object.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/
- `resource_version` (String) Specific resourceVersion to which this reference is made, if any. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `uid` (String) UID of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#uids



<a id="nestedatt--spec--infrastructure_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.infrastructure_ref`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.
- `field_path` (String) If referring to a piece of an object instead of an entire object, this string should contain a valid JSON/Go field access statement, such as desiredState.manifest.containers[2]. For example, if the object reference is to a container within a pod, this would take on a value like: 'spec.containers{name}' (where 'name' refers to the name of the container that triggered the event) or if no container name is specified 'spec.containers[2]' (container with index 2 in this pod). This syntax is chosen only to have some well-defined way of referencing a part of an object.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/
- `resource_version` (String) Specific resourceVersion to which this reference is made, if any. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `uid` (String) UID of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#uids


<a id="nestedatt--spec--readiness_gates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.readiness_gates`

Required:

- `condition_type` (String) conditionType refers to a positive polarity condition (status true means good) with matching type in the Machine's condition list. If the conditions doesn't exist, it will be treated as unknown. Note: Both Cluster API conditions or conditions added by 3rd party controllers can be used as readiness gates.
