---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_config_openshift_io_network_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "config.openshift.io"
description: |-
  Network holds cluster-wide information about Network. The canonical name is 'cluster'. It is used to configure the desired network configuration, such as: IP address pools for services/pod IPs, network plugin, etc. Please view network.spec for an explanation on what applies when configuring this resource.  Compatibility level 1: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 12 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).
---

# k8s_config_openshift_io_network_v1_manifest (Data Source)

Network holds cluster-wide information about Network. The canonical name is 'cluster'. It is used to configure the desired network configuration, such as: IP address pools for services/pod IPs, network plugin, etc. Please view network.spec for an explanation on what applies when configuring this resource.  Compatibility level 1: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 12 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_config_openshift_io_network_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) spec holds user settable values for configuration. As a general rule, this SHOULD NOT be read directly. Instead, you should consume the NetworkStatus, as it indicates the currently deployed configuration. Currently, most spec fields are immutable after installation. Please view the individual ones for further details on each. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `cluster_network` (Attributes List) IP address pool to use for pod IPs. This field is immutable after installation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_network))
- `external_ip` (Attributes) externalIP defines configuration for controllers that affect Service.ExternalIP. If nil, then ExternalIP is not allowed to be set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--external_ip))
- `network_type` (String) NetworkType is the plugin that is to be deployed (e.g. OpenShiftSDN). This should match a value that the cluster-network-operator understands, or else no networking will be installed. Currently supported values are: - OpenShiftSDN This field is immutable after installation.
- `service_network` (List of String) IP address pool for services. Currently, we only support a single entry here. This field is immutable after installation.
- `service_node_port_range` (String) The port range allowed for Services of type NodePort. If not specified, the default of 30000-32767 will be used. Such Services without a NodePort specified will have one automatically allocated from this range. This parameter can be updated after the cluster is installed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_network`

Optional:

- `cidr` (String) The complete block for pod IPs.
- `host_prefix` (Number) The size (prefix) of block to allocate to each node. If this field is not used by the plugin, it can be left unset.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--external_ip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_ip`

Optional:

- `auto_assign_cid_rs` (List of String) autoAssignCIDRs is a list of CIDRs from which to automatically assign Service.ExternalIP. These are assigned when the service is of type LoadBalancer. In general, this is only useful for bare-metal clusters. In Openshift 3.x, this was misleadingly called 'IngressIPs'. Automatically assigned External IPs are not affected by any ExternalIPPolicy rules. Currently, only one entry may be provided.
- `policy` (Attributes) policy is a set of restrictions applied to the ExternalIP field. If nil or empty, then ExternalIP is not allowed to be set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--external_ip--policy))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--external_ip--policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_ip.policy`

Optional:

- `allowed_cid_rs` (List of String) allowedCIDRs is the list of allowed CIDRs.
- `rejected_cid_rs` (List of String) rejectedCIDRs is the list of disallowed CIDRs. These take precedence over allowedCIDRs.
