---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_config_openshift_io_image_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "config.openshift.io"
description: |-
  Image governs policies related to imagestream imports and runtime configuration for external registries. It allows cluster admins to configure which registries OpenShift is allowed to import images from, extra CA trust bundles for external registries, and policies to block or allow registry hostnames. When exposing OpenShift's image registry to the public, this also lets cluster admins specify the external hostname.  Compatibility level 1: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 12 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).
---

# k8s_config_openshift_io_image_v1_manifest (Data Source)

Image governs policies related to imagestream imports and runtime configuration for external registries. It allows cluster admins to configure which registries OpenShift is allowed to import images from, extra CA trust bundles for external registries, and policies to block or allow registry hostnames. When exposing OpenShift's image registry to the public, this also lets cluster admins specify the external hostname.  Compatibility level 1: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 12 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_config_openshift_io_image_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) spec holds user settable values for configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `additional_trusted_ca` (Attributes) additionalTrustedCA is a reference to a ConfigMap containing additional CAs that should be trusted during imagestream import, pod image pull, build image pull, and imageregistry pullthrough. The namespace for this config map is openshift-config. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--additional_trusted_ca))
- `allowed_registries_for_import` (Attributes List) allowedRegistriesForImport limits the container image registries that normal users may import images from. Set this list to the registries that you trust to contain valid Docker images and that you want applications to be able to import from. Users with permission to create Images or ImageStreamMappings via the API are not affected by this policy - typically only administrators or system integrations will have those permissions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--allowed_registries_for_import))
- `external_registry_hostnames` (List of String) externalRegistryHostnames provides the hostnames for the default external image registry. The external hostname should be set only when the image registry is exposed externally. The first value is used in 'publicDockerImageRepository' field in ImageStreams. The value must be in 'hostname[:port]' format.
- `registry_sources` (Attributes) registrySources contains configuration that determines how the container runtime should treat individual registries when accessing images for builds+pods. (e.g. whether or not to allow insecure access).  It does not contain configuration for the internal cluster registry. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--registry_sources))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--additional_trusted_ca"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.additional_trusted_ca`

Required:

- `name` (String) name is the metadata.name of the referenced config map


<a id="nestedatt--spec--allowed_registries_for_import"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.allowed_registries_for_import`

Optional:

- `domain_name` (String) domainName specifies a domain name for the registry In case the registry use non-standard (80 or 443) port, the port should be included in the domain name as well.
- `insecure` (Boolean) insecure indicates whether the registry is secure (https) or insecure (http) By default (if not specified) the registry is assumed as secure.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--registry_sources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.registry_sources`

Optional:

- `allowed_registries` (List of String) allowedRegistries are the only registries permitted for image pull and push actions. All other registries are denied.  Only one of BlockedRegistries or AllowedRegistries may be set.
- `blocked_registries` (List of String) blockedRegistries cannot be used for image pull and push actions. All other registries are permitted.  Only one of BlockedRegistries or AllowedRegistries may be set.
- `container_runtime_search_registries` (List of String) containerRuntimeSearchRegistries are registries that will be searched when pulling images that do not have fully qualified domains in their pull specs. Registries will be searched in the order provided in the list. Note: this search list only works with the container runtime, i.e CRI-O. Will NOT work with builds or imagestream imports.
- `insecure_registries` (List of String) insecureRegistries are registries which do not have a valid TLS certificates or only support HTTP connections.
