---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_config_openshift_io_scheduler_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "config.openshift.io"
description: |-
  Scheduler holds cluster-wide config information to run the Kubernetes Scheduler and influence its placement decisions. The canonical name for this config is 'cluster'.  Compatibility level 1: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 12 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).
---

# k8s_config_openshift_io_scheduler_v1_manifest (Data Source)

Scheduler holds cluster-wide config information to run the Kubernetes Scheduler and influence its placement decisions. The canonical name for this config is 'cluster'.  Compatibility level 1: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 12 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_config_openshift_io_scheduler_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) spec holds user settable values for configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `default_node_selector` (String) defaultNodeSelector helps set the cluster-wide default node selector to restrict pod placement to specific nodes. This is applied to the pods created in all namespaces and creates an intersection with any existing nodeSelectors already set on a pod, additionally constraining that pod's selector. For example, defaultNodeSelector: 'type=user-node,region=east' would set nodeSelector field in pod spec to 'type=user-node,region=east' to all pods created in all namespaces. Namespaces having project-wide node selectors won't be impacted even if this field is set. This adds an annotation section to the namespace. For example, if a new namespace is created with node-selector='type=user-node,region=east', the annotation openshift.io/node-selector: type=user-node,region=east gets added to the project. When the openshift.io/node-selector annotation is set on the project the value is used in preference to the value we are setting for defaultNodeSelector field. For instance, openshift.io/node-selector: 'type=user-node,region=west' means that the default of 'type=user-node,region=east' set in defaultNodeSelector would not be applied.
- `masters_schedulable` (Boolean) MastersSchedulable allows masters nodes to be schedulable. When this flag is turned on, all the master nodes in the cluster will be made schedulable, so that workload pods can run on them. The default value for this field is false, meaning none of the master nodes are schedulable. Important Note: Once the workload pods start running on the master nodes, extreme care must be taken to ensure that cluster-critical control plane components are not impacted. Please turn on this field after doing due diligence.
- `policy` (Attributes) DEPRECATED: the scheduler Policy API has been deprecated and will be removed in a future release. policy is a reference to a ConfigMap containing scheduler policy which has user specified predicates and priorities. If this ConfigMap is not available scheduler will default to use DefaultAlgorithmProvider. The namespace for this configmap is openshift-config. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--policy))
- `profile` (String) profile sets which scheduling profile should be set in order to configure scheduling decisions for new pods.  Valid values are 'LowNodeUtilization', 'HighNodeUtilization', 'NoScoring' Defaults to 'LowNodeUtilization'

<a id="nestedatt--spec--policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.policy`

Required:

- `name` (String) name is the metadata.name of the referenced config map
