---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_config_openshift_io_operator_hub_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "config.openshift.io"
description: |-
  OperatorHub is the Schema for the operatorhubs API. It can be used to change the state of the default hub sources for OperatorHub on the cluster from enabled to disabled and vice versa.  Compatibility level 1: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 12 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).
---

# k8s_config_openshift_io_operator_hub_v1_manifest (Data Source)

OperatorHub is the Schema for the operatorhubs API. It can be used to change the state of the default hub sources for OperatorHub on the cluster from enabled to disabled and vice versa.  Compatibility level 1: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 12 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_config_openshift_io_operator_hub_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) OperatorHubSpec defines the desired state of OperatorHub (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `disable_all_default_sources` (Boolean) disableAllDefaultSources allows you to disable all the default hub sources. If this is true, a specific entry in sources can be used to enable a default source. If this is false, a specific entry in sources can be used to disable or enable a default source.
- `sources` (Attributes List) sources is the list of default hub sources and their configuration. If the list is empty, it implies that the default hub sources are enabled on the cluster unless disableAllDefaultSources is true. If disableAllDefaultSources is true and sources is not empty, the configuration present in sources will take precedence. The list of default hub sources and their current state will always be reflected in the status block. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--sources))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--sources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.sources`

Optional:

- `disabled` (Boolean) disabled is used to disable a default hub source on cluster
- `name` (String) name is the name of one of the default hub sources
