---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_config_openshift_io_authentication_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "config.openshift.io"
description: |-
  Authentication specifies cluster-wide settings for authentication (like OAuth and webhook token authenticators). The canonical name of an instance is 'cluster'.  Compatibility level 1: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 12 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).
---

# k8s_config_openshift_io_authentication_v1_manifest (Data Source)

Authentication specifies cluster-wide settings for authentication (like OAuth and webhook token authenticators). The canonical name of an instance is 'cluster'.  Compatibility level 1: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 12 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_config_openshift_io_authentication_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) spec holds user settable values for configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `oauth_metadata` (Attributes) oauthMetadata contains the discovery endpoint data for OAuth 2.0 Authorization Server Metadata for an external OAuth server. This discovery document can be viewed from its served location: oc get --raw '/.well-known/oauth-authorization-server' For further details, see the IETF Draft: https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-ietf-oauth-discovery-04#section-2 If oauthMetadata.name is non-empty, this value has precedence over any metadata reference stored in status. The key 'oauthMetadata' is used to locate the data. If specified and the config map or expected key is not found, no metadata is served. If the specified metadata is not valid, no metadata is served. The namespace for this config map is openshift-config. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--oauth_metadata))
- `service_account_issuer` (String) serviceAccountIssuer is the identifier of the bound service account token issuer. The default is https://kubernetes.default.svc WARNING: Updating this field will not result in immediate invalidation of all bound tokens with the previous issuer value. Instead, the tokens issued by previous service account issuer will continue to be trusted for a time period chosen by the platform (currently set to 24h). This time period is subject to change over time. This allows internal components to transition to use new service account issuer without service distruption.
- `type` (String) type identifies the cluster managed, user facing authentication mode in use. Specifically, it manages the component that responds to login attempts. The default is IntegratedOAuth.
- `webhook_token_authenticator` (Attributes) webhookTokenAuthenticator configures a remote token reviewer. These remote authentication webhooks can be used to verify bearer tokens via the tokenreviews.authentication.k8s.io REST API. This is required to honor bearer tokens that are provisioned by an external authentication service.  Can only be set if 'Type' is set to 'None'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--webhook_token_authenticator))
- `webhook_token_authenticators` (Attributes List) webhookTokenAuthenticators is DEPRECATED, setting it has no effect. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--webhook_token_authenticators))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--oauth_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.oauth_metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) name is the metadata.name of the referenced config map


<a id="nestedatt--spec--webhook_token_authenticator"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.webhook_token_authenticator`

Required:

- `kube_config` (Attributes) kubeConfig references a secret that contains kube config file data which describes how to access the remote webhook service. The namespace for the referenced secret is openshift-config.  For further details, see:  https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/authentication/#webhook-token-authentication  The key 'kubeConfig' is used to locate the data. If the secret or expected key is not found, the webhook is not honored. If the specified kube config data is not valid, the webhook is not honored. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--webhook_token_authenticator--kube_config))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--webhook_token_authenticator--kube_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.webhook_token_authenticator.kube_config`

Required:

- `name` (String) name is the metadata.name of the referenced secret



<a id="nestedatt--spec--webhook_token_authenticators"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.webhook_token_authenticators`

Optional:

- `kube_config` (Attributes) kubeConfig contains kube config file data which describes how to access the remote webhook service. For further details, see: https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/authentication/#webhook-token-authentication The key 'kubeConfig' is used to locate the data. If the secret or expected key is not found, the webhook is not honored. If the specified kube config data is not valid, the webhook is not honored. The namespace for this secret is determined by the point of use. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--webhook_token_authenticators--kube_config))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--webhook_token_authenticators--kube_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.webhook_token_authenticators.kube_config`

Required:

- `name` (String) name is the metadata.name of the referenced secret
