---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_config_openshift_io_build_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "config.openshift.io"
description: |-
  Build configures the behavior of OpenShift builds for the entire cluster. This includes default settings that can be overridden in BuildConfig objects, and overrides which are applied to all builds.  The canonical name is 'cluster'  Compatibility level 1: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 12 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).
---

# k8s_config_openshift_io_build_v1_manifest (Data Source)

Build configures the behavior of OpenShift builds for the entire cluster. This includes default settings that can be overridden in BuildConfig objects, and overrides which are applied to all builds.  The canonical name is 'cluster'  Compatibility level 1: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 12 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_config_openshift_io_build_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) Spec holds user-settable values for the build controller configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `additional_trusted_ca` (Attributes) AdditionalTrustedCA is a reference to a ConfigMap containing additional CAs that should be trusted for image pushes and pulls during builds. The namespace for this config map is openshift-config.  DEPRECATED: Additional CAs for image pull and push should be set on image.config.openshift.io/cluster instead. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--additional_trusted_ca))
- `build_defaults` (Attributes) BuildDefaults controls the default information for Builds (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--build_defaults))
- `build_overrides` (Attributes) BuildOverrides controls override settings for builds (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--build_overrides))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--additional_trusted_ca"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.additional_trusted_ca`

Required:

- `name` (String) name is the metadata.name of the referenced config map


<a id="nestedatt--spec--build_defaults"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.build_defaults`

Optional:

- `default_proxy` (Attributes) DefaultProxy contains the default proxy settings for all build operations, including image pull/push and source download.  Values can be overrode by setting the 'HTTP_PROXY', 'HTTPS_PROXY', and 'NO_PROXY' environment variables in the build config's strategy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--build_defaults--default_proxy))
- `env` (Attributes List) Env is a set of default environment variables that will be applied to the build if the specified variables do not exist on the build (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--build_defaults--env))
- `git_proxy` (Attributes) GitProxy contains the proxy settings for git operations only. If set, this will override any Proxy settings for all git commands, such as git clone.  Values that are not set here will be inherited from DefaultProxy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--build_defaults--git_proxy))
- `image_labels` (Attributes List) ImageLabels is a list of docker labels that are applied to the resulting image. User can override a default label by providing a label with the same name in their Build/BuildConfig. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--build_defaults--image_labels))
- `resources` (Attributes) Resources defines resource requirements to execute the build. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--build_defaults--resources))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--build_defaults--default_proxy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.build_defaults.default_proxy`

Optional:

- `http_proxy` (String) httpProxy is the URL of the proxy for HTTP requests.  Empty means unset and will not result in an env var.
- `https_proxy` (String) httpsProxy is the URL of the proxy for HTTPS requests.  Empty means unset and will not result in an env var.
- `no_proxy` (String) noProxy is a comma-separated list of hostnames and/or CIDRs and/or IPs for which the proxy should not be used. Empty means unset and will not result in an env var.
- `readiness_endpoints` (List of String) readinessEndpoints is a list of endpoints used to verify readiness of the proxy.
- `trusted_ca` (Attributes) trustedCA is a reference to a ConfigMap containing a CA certificate bundle. The trustedCA field should only be consumed by a proxy validator. The validator is responsible for reading the certificate bundle from the required key 'ca-bundle.crt', merging it with the system default trust bundle, and writing the merged trust bundle to a ConfigMap named 'trusted-ca-bundle' in the 'openshift-config-managed' namespace. Clients that expect to make proxy connections must use the trusted-ca-bundle for all HTTPS requests to the proxy, and may use the trusted-ca-bundle for non-proxy HTTPS requests as well.  The namespace for the ConfigMap referenced by trustedCA is 'openshift-config'. Here is an example ConfigMap (in yaml):  apiVersion: v1 kind: ConfigMap metadata: name: user-ca-bundle namespace: openshift-config data: ca-bundle.crt: | -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- Custom CA certificate bundle. -----END CERTIFICATE----- (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--build_defaults--default_proxy--trusted_ca))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--build_defaults--default_proxy--trusted_ca"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.build_defaults.default_proxy.trusted_ca`

Required:

- `name` (String) name is the metadata.name of the referenced config map



<a id="nestedatt--spec--build_defaults--env"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.build_defaults.env`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the environment variable. Must be a C_IDENTIFIER.

Optional:

- `value` (String) Variable references $(VAR_NAME) are expanded using the previously defined environment variables in the container and any service environment variables. If a variable cannot be resolved, the reference in the input string will be unchanged. Double $$ are reduced to a single $, which allows for escaping the $(VAR_NAME) syntax: i.e. '$$(VAR_NAME)' will produce the string literal '$(VAR_NAME)'. Escaped references will never be expanded, regardless of whether the variable exists or not. Defaults to ''.
- `value_from` (Attributes) Source for the environment variable's value. Cannot be used if value is not empty. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--build_defaults--env--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--build_defaults--env--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.build_defaults.env.value_from`

Optional:

- `config_map_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a ConfigMap. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--build_defaults--env--value_from--config_map_key_ref))
- `field_ref` (Attributes) Selects a field of the pod: supports metadata.name, metadata.namespace, 'metadata.labels['<KEY>']', 'metadata.annotations['<KEY>']', spec.nodeName, spec.serviceAccountName, status.hostIP, status.podIP, status.podIPs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--build_defaults--env--value_from--field_ref))
- `resource_field_ref` (Attributes) Selects a resource of the container: only resources limits and requests (limits.cpu, limits.memory, limits.ephemeral-storage, requests.cpu, requests.memory and requests.ephemeral-storage) are currently supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--build_defaults--env--value_from--resource_field_ref))
- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a secret in the pod's namespace (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--build_defaults--env--value_from--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--build_defaults--env--value_from--config_map_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.build_defaults.env.value_from.config_map_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key to select.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the ConfigMap or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--build_defaults--env--value_from--field_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.build_defaults.env.value_from.field_ref`

Required:

- `field_path` (String) Path of the field to select in the specified API version.

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) Version of the schema the FieldPath is written in terms of, defaults to 'v1'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--build_defaults--env--value_from--resource_field_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.build_defaults.env.value_from.resource_field_ref`

Required:

- `resource` (String) Required: resource to select

Optional:

- `container_name` (String) Container name: required for volumes, optional for env vars
- `divisor` (String) Specifies the output format of the exposed resources, defaults to '1'


<a id="nestedatt--spec--build_defaults--env--value_from--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.build_defaults.env.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined




<a id="nestedatt--spec--build_defaults--git_proxy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.build_defaults.git_proxy`

Optional:

- `http_proxy` (String) httpProxy is the URL of the proxy for HTTP requests.  Empty means unset and will not result in an env var.
- `https_proxy` (String) httpsProxy is the URL of the proxy for HTTPS requests.  Empty means unset and will not result in an env var.
- `no_proxy` (String) noProxy is a comma-separated list of hostnames and/or CIDRs and/or IPs for which the proxy should not be used. Empty means unset and will not result in an env var.
- `readiness_endpoints` (List of String) readinessEndpoints is a list of endpoints used to verify readiness of the proxy.
- `trusted_ca` (Attributes) trustedCA is a reference to a ConfigMap containing a CA certificate bundle. The trustedCA field should only be consumed by a proxy validator. The validator is responsible for reading the certificate bundle from the required key 'ca-bundle.crt', merging it with the system default trust bundle, and writing the merged trust bundle to a ConfigMap named 'trusted-ca-bundle' in the 'openshift-config-managed' namespace. Clients that expect to make proxy connections must use the trusted-ca-bundle for all HTTPS requests to the proxy, and may use the trusted-ca-bundle for non-proxy HTTPS requests as well.  The namespace for the ConfigMap referenced by trustedCA is 'openshift-config'. Here is an example ConfigMap (in yaml):  apiVersion: v1 kind: ConfigMap metadata: name: user-ca-bundle namespace: openshift-config data: ca-bundle.crt: | -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- Custom CA certificate bundle. -----END CERTIFICATE----- (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--build_defaults--git_proxy--trusted_ca))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--build_defaults--git_proxy--trusted_ca"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.build_defaults.git_proxy.trusted_ca`

Required:

- `name` (String) name is the metadata.name of the referenced config map



<a id="nestedatt--spec--build_defaults--image_labels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.build_defaults.image_labels`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name defines the name of the label. It must have non-zero length.
- `value` (String) Value defines the literal value of the label.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--build_defaults--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.build_defaults.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims, that are used by this container.  This is an alpha field and requires enabling the DynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.  This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--build_defaults--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--build_defaults--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.build_defaults.resources.requests`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims of the Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource available inside a container.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--build_overrides"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.build_overrides`

Optional:

- `force_pull` (Boolean) ForcePull overrides, if set, the equivalent value in the builds, i.e. false disables force pull for all builds, true enables force pull for all builds, independently of what each build specifies itself
- `image_labels` (Attributes List) ImageLabels is a list of docker labels that are applied to the resulting image. If user provided a label in their Build/BuildConfig with the same name as one in this list, the user's label will be overwritten. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--build_overrides--image_labels))
- `node_selector` (Map of String) NodeSelector is a selector which must be true for the build pod to fit on a node
- `tolerations` (Attributes List) Tolerations is a list of Tolerations that will override any existing tolerations set on a build pod. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--build_overrides--tolerations))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--build_overrides--image_labels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.build_overrides.image_labels`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name defines the name of the label. It must have non-zero length.
- `value` (String) Value defines the literal value of the label.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--build_overrides--tolerations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.build_overrides.tolerations`

Optional:

- `effect` (String) Effect indicates the taint effect to match. Empty means match all taint effects. When specified, allowed values are NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Key is the taint key that the toleration applies to. Empty means match all taint keys. If the key is empty, operator must be Exists; this combination means to match all values and all keys.
- `operator` (String) Operator represents a key's relationship to the value. Valid operators are Exists and Equal. Defaults to Equal. Exists is equivalent to wildcard for value, so that a pod can tolerate all taints of a particular category.
- `toleration_seconds` (Number) TolerationSeconds represents the period of time the toleration (which must be of effect NoExecute, otherwise this field is ignored) tolerates the taint. By default, it is not set, which means tolerate the taint forever (do not evict). Zero and negative values will be treated as 0 (evict immediately) by the system.
- `value` (String) Value is the taint value the toleration matches to. If the operator is Exists, the value should be empty, otherwise just a regular string.
