---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_config_openshift_io_proxy_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "config.openshift.io"
description: |-
  Proxy holds cluster-wide information on how to configure default proxies for the cluster. The canonical name is 'cluster'  Compatibility level 1: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 12 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).
---

# k8s_config_openshift_io_proxy_v1_manifest (Data Source)

Proxy holds cluster-wide information on how to configure default proxies for the cluster. The canonical name is 'cluster'  Compatibility level 1: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 12 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_config_openshift_io_proxy_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) Spec holds user-settable values for the proxy configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `http_proxy` (String) httpProxy is the URL of the proxy for HTTP requests.  Empty means unset and will not result in an env var.
- `https_proxy` (String) httpsProxy is the URL of the proxy for HTTPS requests.  Empty means unset and will not result in an env var.
- `no_proxy` (String) noProxy is a comma-separated list of hostnames and/or CIDRs and/or IPs for which the proxy should not be used. Empty means unset and will not result in an env var.
- `readiness_endpoints` (List of String) readinessEndpoints is a list of endpoints used to verify readiness of the proxy.
- `trusted_ca` (Attributes) trustedCA is a reference to a ConfigMap containing a CA certificate bundle. The trustedCA field should only be consumed by a proxy validator. The validator is responsible for reading the certificate bundle from the required key 'ca-bundle.crt', merging it with the system default trust bundle, and writing the merged trust bundle to a ConfigMap named 'trusted-ca-bundle' in the 'openshift-config-managed' namespace. Clients that expect to make proxy connections must use the trusted-ca-bundle for all HTTPS requests to the proxy, and may use the trusted-ca-bundle for non-proxy HTTPS requests as well.  The namespace for the ConfigMap referenced by trustedCA is 'openshift-config'. Here is an example ConfigMap (in yaml):  apiVersion: v1 kind: ConfigMap metadata: name: user-ca-bundle namespace: openshift-config data: ca-bundle.crt: | -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- Custom CA certificate bundle. -----END CERTIFICATE----- (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--trusted_ca))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--trusted_ca"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.trusted_ca`

Required:

- `name` (String) name is the metadata.name of the referenced config map
