---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_config_openshift_io_console_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "config.openshift.io"
description: |-
  Console holds cluster-wide configuration for the web console, including the logout URL, and reports the public URL of the console. The canonical name is 'cluster'.  Compatibility level 1: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 12 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).
---

# k8s_config_openshift_io_console_v1_manifest (Data Source)

Console holds cluster-wide configuration for the web console, including the logout URL, and reports the public URL of the console. The canonical name is 'cluster'.  Compatibility level 1: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 12 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_config_openshift_io_console_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) spec holds user settable values for configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `authentication` (Attributes) ConsoleAuthentication defines a list of optional configuration for console authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--authentication))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.authentication`

Optional:

- `logout_redirect` (String) An optional, absolute URL to redirect web browsers to after logging out of the console. If not specified, it will redirect to the default login page. This is required when using an identity provider that supports single sign-on (SSO) such as: - OpenID (Keycloak, Azure) - RequestHeader (GSSAPI, SSPI, SAML) - OAuth (GitHub, GitLab, Google) Logging out of the console will destroy the user's token. The logoutRedirect provides the user the option to perform single logout (SLO) through the identity provider to destroy their single sign-on session.
