---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_console_openshift_io_console_plugin_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "console.openshift.io"
description: |-
  ConsolePlugin is an extension for customizing OpenShift web console by dynamically loading code from another service running on the cluster.  Compatibility level 1: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 12 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).
---

# k8s_console_openshift_io_console_plugin_v1_manifest (Data Source)

ConsolePlugin is an extension for customizing OpenShift web console by dynamically loading code from another service running on the cluster.  Compatibility level 1: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 12 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_console_openshift_io_console_plugin_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) ConsolePluginSpec is the desired plugin configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `backend` (Attributes) backend holds the configuration of backend which is serving console's plugin . (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--backend))
- `display_name` (String) displayName is the display name of the plugin. The dispalyName should be between 1 and 128 characters.

Optional:

- `i18n` (Attributes) i18n is the configuration of plugin's localization resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--i18n))
- `proxy` (Attributes List) proxy is a list of proxies that describe various service type to which the plugin needs to connect to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--proxy))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--backend"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.backend`

Required:

- `type` (String) type is the backend type which servers the console's plugin. Currently only 'Service' is supported.  ---

Optional:

- `service` (Attributes) service is a Kubernetes Service that exposes the plugin using a deployment with an HTTP server. The Service must use HTTPS and Service serving certificate. The console backend will proxy the plugins assets from the Service using the service CA bundle. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--backend--service))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--backend--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.backend.service`

Required:

- `name` (String) name of Service that is serving the plugin assets.
- `namespace` (String) namespace of Service that is serving the plugin assets.
- `port` (Number) port on which the Service that is serving the plugin is listening to.

Optional:

- `base_path` (String) basePath is the path to the plugin's assets. The primary asset it the manifest file called 'plugin-manifest.json', which is a JSON document that contains metadata about the plugin and the extensions.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--i18n"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.i18n`

Required:

- `load_type` (String) loadType indicates how the plugin's localization resource should be loaded. Valid values are Preload, Lazy and the empty string. When set to Preload, all localization resources are fetched when the plugin is loaded. When set to Lazy, localization resources are lazily loaded as and when they are required by the console. When omitted or set to the empty string, the behaviour is equivalent to Lazy type.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--proxy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.proxy`

Required:

- `alias` (String) alias is a proxy name that identifies the plugin's proxy. An alias name should be unique per plugin. The console backend exposes following proxy endpoint:  /api/proxy/plugin/<plugin-name>/<proxy-alias>/<request-path>?<optional-query-parameters>  Request example path:  /api/proxy/plugin/acm/search/pods?namespace=openshift-apiserver
- `endpoint` (Attributes) endpoint provides information about endpoint to which the request is proxied to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--proxy--endpoint))

Optional:

- `authorization` (String) authorization provides information about authorization type, which the proxied request should contain
- `ca_certificate` (String) caCertificate provides the cert authority certificate contents, in case the proxied Service is using custom service CA. By default, the service CA bundle provided by the service-ca operator is used.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--proxy--endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.proxy.endpoint`

Required:

- `type` (String) type is the type of the console plugin's proxy. Currently only 'Service' is supported.  ---

Optional:

- `service` (Attributes) service is an in-cluster Service that the plugin will connect to. The Service must use HTTPS. The console backend exposes an endpoint in order to proxy communication between the plugin and the Service. Note: service field is required for now, since currently only 'Service' type is supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--proxy--endpoint--service))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--proxy--endpoint--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.proxy.endpoint.service`

Required:

- `name` (String) name of Service that the plugin needs to connect to.
- `namespace` (String) namespace of Service that the plugin needs to connect to
- `port` (Number) port on which the Service that the plugin needs to connect to is listening on.
