---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_console_openshift_io_console_quick_start_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "console.openshift.io"
description: |-
  ConsoleQuickStart is an extension for guiding user through various workflows in the OpenShift web console.  Compatibility level 2: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 9 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).
---

# k8s_console_openshift_io_console_quick_start_v1_manifest (Data Source)

ConsoleQuickStart is an extension for guiding user through various workflows in the OpenShift web console.  Compatibility level 2: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 9 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_console_openshift_io_console_quick_start_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) ConsoleQuickStartSpec is the desired quick start configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `description` (String) description is the description of the Quick Start. (includes markdown)
- `display_name` (String) displayName is the display name of the Quick Start.
- `duration_minutes` (Number) durationMinutes describes approximately how many minutes it will take to complete the Quick Start.
- `introduction` (String) introduction describes the purpose of the Quick Start. (includes markdown)
- `tasks` (Attributes List) tasks is the list of steps the user has to perform to complete the Quick Start. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tasks))

Optional:

- `access_review_resources` (Attributes List) accessReviewResources contains a list of resources that the user's access will be reviewed against in order for the user to complete the Quick Start. The Quick Start will be hidden if any of the access reviews fail. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--access_review_resources))
- `conclusion` (String) conclusion sums up the Quick Start and suggests the possible next steps. (includes markdown)
- `icon` (String) icon is a base64 encoded image that will be displayed beside the Quick Start display name. The icon should be an vector image for easy scaling. The size of the icon should be 40x40.
- `next_quick_start` (List of String) nextQuickStart is a list of the following Quick Starts, suggested for the user to try.
- `prerequisites` (List of String) prerequisites contains all prerequisites that need to be met before taking a Quick Start. (includes markdown)
- `tags` (List of String) tags is a list of strings that describe the Quick Start.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--tasks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tasks`

Required:

- `description` (String) description describes the steps needed to complete the task. (includes markdown)
- `title` (String) title describes the task and is displayed as a step heading.

Optional:

- `review` (Attributes) review contains instructions to validate the task is complete. The user will select 'Yes' or 'No'. using a radio button, which indicates whether the step was completed successfully. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tasks--review))
- `summary` (Attributes) summary contains information about the passed step. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tasks--summary))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--tasks--review"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tasks.review`

Required:

- `failed_task_help` (String) failedTaskHelp contains suggestions for a failed task review and is shown at the end of task. (includes markdown)
- `instructions` (String) instructions contains steps that user needs to take in order to validate his work after going through a task. (includes markdown)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tasks--summary"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tasks.summary`

Required:

- `failed` (String) failed briefly describes the unsuccessfully passed task. (includes markdown)
- `success` (String) success describes the succesfully passed task.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--access_review_resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.access_review_resources`

Optional:

- `group` (String) Group is the API Group of the Resource.  '*' means all.
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the resource being requested for a 'get' or deleted for a 'delete'. '' (empty) means all.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of the action being requested.  Currently, there is no distinction between no namespace and all namespaces '' (empty) is defaulted for LocalSubjectAccessReviews '' (empty) is empty for cluster-scoped resources '' (empty) means 'all' for namespace scoped resources from a SubjectAccessReview or SelfSubjectAccessReview
- `resource` (String) Resource is one of the existing resource types.  '*' means all.
- `subresource` (String) Subresource is one of the existing resource types.  '' means none.
- `verb` (String) Verb is a kubernetes resource API verb, like: get, list, watch, create, update, delete, proxy.  '*' means all.
- `version` (String) Version is the API Version of the Resource.  '*' means all.
