---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_console_openshift_io_console_yaml_sample_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "console.openshift.io"
description: |-
  ConsoleYAMLSample is an extension for customizing OpenShift web console YAML samples.  Compatibility level 2: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 9 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).
---

# k8s_console_openshift_io_console_yaml_sample_v1_manifest (Data Source)

ConsoleYAMLSample is an extension for customizing OpenShift web console YAML samples.  Compatibility level 2: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 9 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_console_openshift_io_console_yaml_sample_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) ConsoleYAMLSampleSpec is the desired YAML sample configuration. Samples will appear with their descriptions in a samples sidebar when creating a resources in the web console. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `description` (String) description of the YAML sample.
- `target_resource` (Attributes) targetResource contains apiVersion and kind of the resource YAML sample is representating. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--target_resource))
- `title` (String) title of the YAML sample.
- `yaml` (String) yaml is the YAML sample to display.

Optional:

- `snippet` (Boolean) snippet indicates that the YAML sample is not the full YAML resource definition, but a fragment that can be inserted into the existing YAML document at the user's cursor.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--target_resource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.target_resource`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
