---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_console_openshift_io_console_link_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "console.openshift.io"
description: |-
  ConsoleLink is an extension for customizing OpenShift web console links.  Compatibility level 2: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 9 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).
---

# k8s_console_openshift_io_console_link_v1_manifest (Data Source)

ConsoleLink is an extension for customizing OpenShift web console links.  Compatibility level 2: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 9 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_console_openshift_io_console_link_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) ConsoleLinkSpec is the desired console link configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `href` (String) href is the absolute secure URL for the link (must use https)
- `location` (String) location determines which location in the console the link will be appended to (ApplicationMenu, HelpMenu, UserMenu, NamespaceDashboard).
- `text` (String) text is the display text for the link

Optional:

- `application_menu` (Attributes) applicationMenu holds information about section and icon used for the link in the application menu, and it is applicable only when location is set to ApplicationMenu. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--application_menu))
- `namespace_dashboard` (Attributes) namespaceDashboard holds information about namespaces in which the dashboard link should appear, and it is applicable only when location is set to NamespaceDashboard. If not specified, the link will appear in all namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--namespace_dashboard))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--application_menu"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.application_menu`

Required:

- `section` (String) section is the section of the application menu in which the link should appear. This can be any text that will appear as a subheading in the application menu dropdown. A new section will be created if the text does not match text of an existing section.

Optional:

- `image_url` (String) imageUrl is the URL for the icon used in front of the link in the application menu. The URL must be an HTTPS URL or a Data URI. The image should be square and will be shown at 24x24 pixels.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--namespace_dashboard"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.namespace_dashboard`

Optional:

- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) namespaceSelector is used to select the Namespaces that should contain dashboard link by label. If the namespace labels match, dashboard link will be shown for the namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--namespace_dashboard--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces is an array of namespace names in which the dashboard link should appear.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--namespace_dashboard--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.namespace_dashboard.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--namespace_dashboard--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--namespace_dashboard--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.namespace_dashboard.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.
