---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_controlplane_operator_openshift_io_pod_network_connectivity_check_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "controlplane.operator.openshift.io"
description: |-
  PodNetworkConnectivityCheck  Compatibility level 4: No compatibility is provided, the API can change at any point for any reason. These capabilities should not be used by applications needing long term support.
---

# k8s_controlplane_operator_openshift_io_pod_network_connectivity_check_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

PodNetworkConnectivityCheck  Compatibility level 4: No compatibility is provided, the API can change at any point for any reason. These capabilities should not be used by applications needing long term support.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_controlplane_operator_openshift_io_pod_network_connectivity_check_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) Spec defines the source and target of the connectivity check (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `source_pod` (String) SourcePod names the pod from which the condition will be checked
- `target_endpoint` (String) EndpointAddress to check. A TCP address of the form host:port. Note that if host is a DNS name, then the check would fail if the DNS name cannot be resolved. Specify an IP address for host to bypass DNS name lookup.

Optional:

- `tls_client_cert` (Attributes) TLSClientCert, if specified, references a kubernetes.io/tls type secret with 'tls.crt' and 'tls.key' entries containing an optional TLS client certificate and key to be used when checking endpoints that require a client certificate in order to gracefully preform the scan without causing excessive logging in the endpoint process. The secret must exist in the same namespace as this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tls_client_cert))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--tls_client_cert"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tls_client_cert`

Required:

- `name` (String) name is the metadata.name of the referenced secret
