---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_core_kubeadmiral_io_override_policy_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "core.kubeadmiral.io"
description: |-
  OverridePolicy describes the override rules for a resource.
---

# k8s_core_kubeadmiral_io_override_policy_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

OverridePolicy describes the override rules for a resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_core_kubeadmiral_io_override_policy_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `override_rules` (Attributes List) OverrideRules specify the override rules. Each rule specifies the overriders and the clusters these overriders should be applied to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--override_rules))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--override_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.override_rules`

Optional:

- `overriders` (Attributes) Overriders specify the overriders to be applied in the target clusters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--override_rules--overriders))
- `target_clusters` (Attributes) TargetClusters selects the clusters in which the overriders in this rule should be applied. If multiple types of selectors are specified, the overall result is the intersection of all of them. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--override_rules--target_clusters))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--override_rules--overriders"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.override_rules.overriders`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Attributes List) Annotation specifies overriders that apply to the resource annotations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--override_rules--overriders--annotations))
- `args` (Attributes List) Args specifies overriders that apply to the container arguments. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--override_rules--overriders--args))
- `command` (Attributes List) Command specifies overriders that apply to the container commands. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--override_rules--overriders--command))
- `envs` (Attributes List) Envs specifies overriders that apply to the container envs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--override_rules--overriders--envs))
- `image` (Attributes List) Image specifies the overriders that apply to the image. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--override_rules--overriders--image))
- `jsonpatch` (Attributes List) JsonPatch specifies overriders in a syntax similar to RFC6902 JSON Patch. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--override_rules--overriders--jsonpatch))
- `labels` (Attributes List) Label specifies overriders that apply to the resource labels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--override_rules--overriders--labels))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--override_rules--overriders--annotations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.override_rules.overriders.annotations`

Required:

- `value` (Map of String) Value is the value(s) that will be applied to annotations/labels of resource. If Operator is 'addIfAbsent', items in Value (empty is not allowed) will be added in annotations/labels. - For 'addIfAbsent' Operator, the keys in Value cannot conflict with annotations/labels. If Operator is 'overwrite', items in Value which match in annotations/labels will be replaced. If Operator is 'delete', items in Value which match in annotations/labels will be deleted.

Optional:

- `operator` (String) Operator specifies the operation. If omitted, defaults to 'overwrite'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--override_rules--overriders--args"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.override_rules.overriders.args`

Required:

- `container_name` (String) ContainerName targets the specified container or init container in the pod template.
- `value` (List of String) Value is the value(s) that will be applied to command/args of ContainerName. If Operator is 'append', items in Value (empty is not allowed) will be appended to command/args. If Operator is 'overwrite', current command/args of ContainerName will be completely replaced by Value. If Operator is 'delete', items in Value that match in command/args will be deleted.

Optional:

- `operator` (String) Operator specifies the operation. If omitted, defaults to 'overwrite'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--override_rules--overriders--command"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.override_rules.overriders.command`

Required:

- `container_name` (String) ContainerName targets the specified container or init container in the pod template.
- `value` (List of String) Value is the value(s) that will be applied to command/args of ContainerName. If Operator is 'append', items in Value (empty is not allowed) will be appended to command/args. If Operator is 'overwrite', current command/args of ContainerName will be completely replaced by Value. If Operator is 'delete', items in Value that match in command/args will be deleted.

Optional:

- `operator` (String) Operator specifies the operation. If omitted, defaults to 'overwrite'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--override_rules--overriders--envs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.override_rules.overriders.envs`

Required:

- `container_name` (String) ContainerName targets the specified container or init container in the pod template.
- `value` (Attributes List) List of environment variables to set in the container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--override_rules--overriders--envs--value))

Optional:

- `operator` (String) Operator specifies the operation. If omitted, defaults to 'overwrite'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--override_rules--overriders--envs--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.override_rules.overriders.envs.value`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the environment variable. Must be a C_IDENTIFIER.

Optional:

- `value` (String) Variable references $(VAR_NAME) are expanded using the previously defined environment variables in the container and any service environment variables. If a variable cannot be resolved, the reference in the input string will be unchanged. Double $$ are reduced to a single $, which allows for escaping the $(VAR_NAME) syntax: i.e. '$$(VAR_NAME)' will produce the string literal '$(VAR_NAME)'. Escaped references will never be expanded, regardless of whether the variable exists or not. Defaults to ''.
- `value_from` (Attributes) Source for the environment variable's value. Cannot be used if value is not empty. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--override_rules--overriders--envs--value--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--override_rules--overriders--envs--value--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.override_rules.overriders.envs.value.value_from`

Optional:

- `config_map_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a ConfigMap. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--override_rules--overriders--envs--value--value_from--config_map_key_ref))
- `field_ref` (Attributes) Selects a field of the pod: supports metadata.name, metadata.namespace, 'metadata.labels['<KEY>']', 'metadata.annotations['<KEY>']', spec.nodeName, spec.serviceAccountName, status.hostIP, status.podIP, status.podIPs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--override_rules--overriders--envs--value--value_from--field_ref))
- `resource_field_ref` (Attributes) Selects a resource of the container: only resources limits and requests (limits.cpu, limits.memory, limits.ephemeral-storage, requests.cpu, requests.memory and requests.ephemeral-storage) are currently supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--override_rules--overriders--envs--value--value_from--resource_field_ref))
- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a secret in the pod's namespace (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--override_rules--overriders--envs--value--value_from--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--override_rules--overriders--envs--value--value_from--config_map_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.override_rules.overriders.envs.value.value_from.config_map_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key to select.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the ConfigMap or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--override_rules--overriders--envs--value--value_from--field_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.override_rules.overriders.envs.value.value_from.field_ref`

Required:

- `field_path` (String) Path of the field to select in the specified API version.

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) Version of the schema the FieldPath is written in terms of, defaults to 'v1'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--override_rules--overriders--envs--value--value_from--resource_field_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.override_rules.overriders.envs.value.value_from.resource_field_ref`

Required:

- `resource` (String) Required: resource to select

Optional:

- `container_name` (String) Container name: required for volumes, optional for env vars
- `divisor` (String) Specifies the output format of the exposed resources, defaults to '1'


<a id="nestedatt--spec--override_rules--overriders--envs--value--value_from--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.override_rules.overriders.envs.value.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined





<a id="nestedatt--spec--override_rules--overriders--image"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.override_rules.overriders.image`

Required:

- `operations` (Attributes List) Operations are the specific operations to be performed on ContainerNames or ImagePath. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--override_rules--overriders--image--operations))

Optional:

- `container_names` (List of String) ContainerNames are ignored when ImagePath is set. If empty, the image override rule applies to all containers. Otherwise, this override targets the specified container(s) or init container(s) in the pod template.
- `image_path` (String) ImagePath indicates the image path to target. For Example: /spec/template/spec/containers/0/image  If empty, the system will automatically resolve the image path if the resource type is Pod, CronJob, Deployment, StatefulSet, DaemonSet or Job.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--override_rules--overriders--image--operations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.override_rules.overriders.image.operations`

Required:

- `image_component` (String) ImageComponent is the part of the image to override.

Optional:

- `operator` (String) Operator specifies the operation. If omitted, defaults to 'overwrite'.
- `value` (String) Value is the value required by the operation. For 'addIfAbsent' Operator, the old value of ImageComponent should be empty, and the Value shouldn't be empty.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--override_rules--overriders--jsonpatch"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.override_rules.overriders.jsonpatch`

Required:

- `path` (String) Path is a JSON pointer (RFC 6901) specifying the location within the resource document where the operation is performed. Each key in the path should be prefixed with '/', while '~' and '/' should be escaped as '~0' and '~1' respectively. For example, to add a label 'kubeadmiral.io/label', the path should be '/metadata/labels/kubeadmiral.io~1label'.

Optional:

- `operator` (String) Operator specifies the operation. If omitted, defaults to 'replace'.
- `value` (Map of String) Value is the value(s) required by the operation.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--override_rules--overriders--labels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.override_rules.overriders.labels`

Required:

- `value` (Map of String) Value is the value(s) that will be applied to annotations/labels of resource. If Operator is 'addIfAbsent', items in Value (empty is not allowed) will be added in annotations/labels. - For 'addIfAbsent' Operator, the keys in Value cannot conflict with annotations/labels. If Operator is 'overwrite', items in Value which match in annotations/labels will be replaced. If Operator is 'delete', items in Value which match in annotations/labels will be deleted.

Optional:

- `operator` (String) Operator specifies the operation. If omitted, defaults to 'overwrite'.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--override_rules--target_clusters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.override_rules.target_clusters`

Optional:

- `cluster_affinity` (Attributes List) ClusterAffinity selects FederatedClusters by matching their labels and fields against expressions. If multiple terms are specified, their results are ORed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--override_rules--target_clusters--cluster_affinity))
- `cluster_selector` (Map of String) ClusterSelector selects FederatedClusters by their labels. Empty labels selects all FederatedClusters.
- `clusters` (List of String) Clusters selects FederatedClusters by their names. Empty Clusters selects all FederatedClusters.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--override_rules--target_clusters--cluster_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.override_rules.target_clusters.cluster_affinity`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) A list of cluster selector requirements by cluster labels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--override_rules--target_clusters--cluster_affinity--match_expressions))
- `match_fields` (Attributes List) A list of cluster selector requirements by cluster fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--override_rules--target_clusters--cluster_affinity--match_fields))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--override_rules--target_clusters--cluster_affinity--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.override_rules.target_clusters.cluster_affinity.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String) ClusterSelectorOperator is the set of operators that can be used in a cluster selector requirement.
- `values` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--override_rules--target_clusters--cluster_affinity--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.override_rules.target_clusters.cluster_affinity.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String) ClusterSelectorOperator is the set of operators that can be used in a cluster selector requirement.
- `values` (List of String)
