---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_core_kubeadmiral_io_federated_cluster_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "core.kubeadmiral.io"
description: |-
  FederatedCluster is the Schema for the federatedclusters API
---

# k8s_core_kubeadmiral_io_federated_cluster_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

FederatedCluster is the Schema for the federatedclusters API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_core_kubeadmiral_io_federated_cluster_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) FederatedClusterSpec defines the desired state of FederatedCluster (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `api_endpoint` (String) The API endpoint of the member cluster. This can be a hostname, hostname:port, IP or IP:port.
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) Name of the secret containing the token required to access the member cluster. The secret needs to exist in the fed system namespace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--secret_ref))

Optional:

- `insecure` (Boolean) Access API endpoint with security.
- `taints` (Attributes List) If specified, the cluster's taints. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--taints))
- `use_service_account` (Boolean) Whether to use service account token to authenticate to the member cluster.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.secret_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of a secret within the enclosing namespace


<a id="nestedatt--spec--taints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.taints`

Required:

- `effect` (String) Required. The effect of the taint on pods that do not tolerate the taint. Valid effects are NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Required. The taint key to be applied to a node.

Optional:

- `time_added` (String) TimeAdded represents the time at which the taint was added. It is only written for NoExecute taints.
- `value` (String) The taint value corresponding to the taint key.
