---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_core_kubeadmiral_io_federated_type_config_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "core.kubeadmiral.io"
description: |-
  FederatedTypeConfig specifies an API resource type to federate and various type-specific options.
---

# k8s_core_kubeadmiral_io_federated_type_config_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

FederatedTypeConfig specifies an API resource type to federate and various type-specific options.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_core_kubeadmiral_io_federated_type_config_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `source_type` (Attributes) The API resource type to be federated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--source_type))

Optional:

- `auto_migration` (Attributes) Configuration for AutoMigration. If left empty, the AutoMigration feature will be disabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--auto_migration))
- `controllers` (List of String) The controllers that must run before the source object can be propagated to member clusters. Each inner slice specifies a step. Step T must complete before step T+1 can commence. Controllers within each step can execute in parallel.
- `path_definition` (Attributes) Defines the paths to various fields in the target object's schema. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--path_definition))
- `status_aggregation` (Attributes) Configuration for StatusAggregation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--status_aggregation))
- `status_collection` (Attributes) Configuration for StatusCollection. If left empty, the StatusCollection feature will be disabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--status_collection))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--source_type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.source_type`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind of the resource.
- `plural_name` (String) Lower-cased plural name of the resource (e.g. configmaps).  If not provided, it will be computed by lower-casing the kind and suffixing an 's'.
- `scope` (String) Scope of the resource.
- `version` (String) Version of the resource.

Optional:

- `group` (String) Group of the resource.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--auto_migration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.auto_migration`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not to automatically migrate unschedulable pods to a different cluster.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--path_definition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.path_definition`

Optional:

- `available_replicas_status` (String) Path to a numeric field that reflects the number of available replicas that the object currently has. E.g. 'status.availableReplicas' for Deployment and ReplicaSet.
- `label_selector` (String) Path to a metav1.LabelSelector field that selects the replicas for this object. E.g. 'spec.selector' for Deployment and ReplicaSet.
- `ready_replicas_status` (String) Path to a numeric field that reflects the number of ready replicas that the object currently has. E.g. 'status.readyReplicas' for Deployment and ReplicaSet.
- `replicas_spec` (String) Path to a numeric field that indicates the number of replicas that an object can be divided into. E.g. 'spec.replicas' for Deployment and ReplicaSet.
- `replicas_status` (String) Path to a numeric field that reflects the number of replicas that the object currently has. E.g. 'status.replicas' for Deployment and ReplicaSet.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--status_aggregation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.status_aggregation`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not to enable status aggregation.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--status_collection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.status_collection`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not to enable status collection.

Optional:

- `fields` (List of String) Contains the fields to be collected during status collection. Each field is a dot separated string that corresponds to its path in the source object's schema. E.g. 'metadata.creationTimestamp'.
