---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_core_openfeature_dev_feature_flag_configuration_v1alpha2_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "core.openfeature.dev"
description: |-
  FeatureFlagConfiguration is the Schema for the featureflagconfigurations API
---

# k8s_core_openfeature_dev_feature_flag_configuration_v1alpha2_manifest (Data Source)

FeatureFlagConfiguration is the Schema for the featureflagconfigurations API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_core_openfeature_dev_feature_flag_configuration_v1alpha2_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) FeatureFlagConfigurationSpec defines the desired state of FeatureFlagConfiguration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `feature_flag_spec` (Attributes) FeatureFlagSpec is the structured representation of the feature flag specification (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--feature_flag_spec))
- `flag_d_spec` (Attributes) FlagDSpec [DEPRECATED]: superseded by FlagSourceConfiguration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--flag_d_spec))
- `resources` (Attributes) Resources defines flagd sidecar resources. Default to operator sidecar-cpu-* and sidecar-ram-* flags. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources))
- `service_provider` (Attributes) ServiceProvider [DEPRECATED]: superseded by FlagSourceConfiguration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--service_provider))
- `sync_provider` (Attributes) SyncProvider [DEPRECATED]: superseded by FlagSourceConfiguration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--sync_provider))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--feature_flag_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.feature_flag_spec`

Required:

- `flags` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--feature_flag_spec--flags))

Optional:

- `dollarevaluators` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--feature_flag_spec--flags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.feature_flag_spec.flags`

Required:

- `default_variant` (String)
- `state` (String)
- `variants` (Map of String)

Optional:

- `targeting` (Map of String) Targeting is the json targeting rule



<a id="nestedatt--spec--flag_d_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.flag_d_spec`

Optional:

- `envs` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--flag_d_spec--envs))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--flag_d_spec--envs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.flag_d_spec.envs`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the environment variable. Must be a C_IDENTIFIER.

Optional:

- `value` (String) Variable references $(VAR_NAME) are expanded using the previously defined environment variables in the container and any service environment variables. If a variable cannot be resolved, the reference in the input string will be unchanged. Double $$ are reduced to a single $, which allows for escaping the $(VAR_NAME) syntax: i.e. '$$(VAR_NAME)' will produce the string literal '$(VAR_NAME)'. Escaped references will never be expanded, regardless of whether the variable exists or not. Defaults to ''.
- `value_from` (Attributes) Source for the environment variable's value. Cannot be used if value is not empty. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--flag_d_spec--envs--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--flag_d_spec--envs--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.flag_d_spec.envs.value_from`

Optional:

- `config_map_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a ConfigMap. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--flag_d_spec--envs--value_from--config_map_key_ref))
- `field_ref` (Attributes) Selects a field of the pod: supports metadata.name, metadata.namespace, 'metadata.labels['<KEY>']', 'metadata.annotations['<KEY>']', spec.nodeName, spec.serviceAccountName, status.hostIP, status.podIP, status.podIPs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--flag_d_spec--envs--value_from--field_ref))
- `resource_field_ref` (Attributes) Selects a resource of the container: only resources limits and requests (limits.cpu, limits.memory, limits.ephemeral-storage, requests.cpu, requests.memory and requests.ephemeral-storage) are currently supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--flag_d_spec--envs--value_from--resource_field_ref))
- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a secret in the pod's namespace (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--flag_d_spec--envs--value_from--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--flag_d_spec--envs--value_from--config_map_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.flag_d_spec.envs.value_from.config_map_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key to select.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the ConfigMap or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--flag_d_spec--envs--value_from--field_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.flag_d_spec.envs.value_from.field_ref`

Required:

- `field_path` (String) Path of the field to select in the specified API version.

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) Version of the schema the FieldPath is written in terms of, defaults to 'v1'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--flag_d_spec--envs--value_from--resource_field_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.flag_d_spec.envs.value_from.resource_field_ref`

Required:

- `resource` (String) Required: resource to select

Optional:

- `container_name` (String) Container name: required for volumes, optional for env vars
- `divisor` (String) Specifies the output format of the exposed resources, defaults to '1'


<a id="nestedatt--spec--flag_d_spec--envs--value_from--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.flag_d_spec.envs.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined





<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims, that are used by this container.  This is an alpha field and requires enabling the DynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.  This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources.claims`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims of the Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource available inside a container.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--service_provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.service_provider`

Required:

- `name` (String)

Optional:

- `credentials` (Attributes) ObjectReference contains enough information to let you inspect or modify the referred object. --- New uses of this type are discouraged because of difficulty describing its usage when embedded in APIs. 1. Ignored fields.  It includes many fields which are not generally honored.  For instance, ResourceVersion and FieldPath are both very rarely valid in actual usage. 2. Invalid usage help.  It is impossible to add specific help for individual usage.  In most embedded usages, there are particular restrictions like, 'must refer only to types A and B' or 'UID not honored' or 'name must be restricted'. Those cannot be well described when embedded. 3. Inconsistent validation.  Because the usages are different, the validation rules are different by usage, which makes it hard for users to predict what will happen. 4. The fields are both imprecise and overly precise.  Kind is not a precise mapping to a URL. This can produce ambiguity during interpretation and require a REST mapping.  In most cases, the dependency is on the group,resource tuple and the version of the actual struct is irrelevant. 5. We cannot easily change it.  Because this type is embedded in many locations, updates to this type will affect numerous schemas.  Don't make new APIs embed an underspecified API type they do not control.  Instead of using this type, create a locally provided and used type that is well-focused on your reference. For example, ServiceReferences for admission registration: https://github.com/kubernetes/api/blob/release-1.17/admissionregistration/v1/types.go#L533 . (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--service_provider--credentials))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--service_provider--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.service_provider.credentials`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.
- `field_path` (String) If referring to a piece of an object instead of an entire object, this string should contain a valid JSON/Go field access statement, such as desiredState.manifest.containers[2]. For example, if the object reference is to a container within a pod, this would take on a value like: 'spec.containers{name}' (where 'name' refers to the name of the container that triggered the event) or if no container name is specified 'spec.containers[2]' (container with index 2 in this pod). This syntax is chosen only to have some well-defined way of referencing a part of an object. TODO: this design is not final and this field is subject to change in the future.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/
- `resource_version` (String) Specific resourceVersion to which this reference is made, if any. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `uid` (String) UID of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#uids



<a id="nestedatt--spec--sync_provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.sync_provider`

Required:

- `name` (String)

Optional:

- `http_sync_configuration` (Attributes) HttpSyncConfiguration defines the desired configuration for a http sync (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--sync_provider--http_sync_configuration))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--sync_provider--http_sync_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.sync_provider.http_sync_configuration`

Required:

- `target` (String) Target is the target url for flagd to poll

Optional:

- `bearer_token` (String)
