---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_core_kubeadmiral_io_cluster_collected_status_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "core.kubeadmiral.io"
description: |-
  ClusterCollectedStatus stores the collected fields of Kubernetes objects from member clusters, that are propagated by a ClusterFederatedObject.
---

# k8s_core_kubeadmiral_io_cluster_collected_status_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

ClusterCollectedStatus stores the collected fields of Kubernetes objects from member clusters, that are propagated by a ClusterFederatedObject.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_core_kubeadmiral_io_cluster_collected_status_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `clusters` (Attributes List) Clusters is the list of member clusters and collected fields for its propagated Kubernetes object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--clusters))
- `last_update_time` (String) LastUpdateTime is the last time that a collection was performed.
- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--clusters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `clusters`

Required:

- `cluster` (String) Cluster is the name of the member cluster.
- `collected_fields` (Map of String) CollectedFields is the the set of fields collected for the Kubernetes object.

Optional:

- `error` (String) Error records any errors encountered while collecting fields from the cluster.


<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
