---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_core_kubeadmiral_io_scheduler_plugin_webhook_configuration_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "core.kubeadmiral.io"
description: |-
  SchedulerPluginWebhookConfiguration is a webhook that can be used as a scheduler plugin.
---

# k8s_core_kubeadmiral_io_scheduler_plugin_webhook_configuration_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

SchedulerPluginWebhookConfiguration is a webhook that can be used as a scheduler plugin.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_core_kubeadmiral_io_scheduler_plugin_webhook_configuration_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `payload_versions` (List of String) PayloadVersions is an ordered list of preferred request and response versions the webhook expects. The scheduler will try to use the first version in the list which it supports. If none of the versions specified in this list supported by the scheduler, scheduling will fail for this object.
- `url_prefix` (String) URLPrefix at which the webhook is available

Optional:

- `filter_path` (String) Path for the filter call, empty if not supported. This path is appended to the URLPrefix when issuing the filter call to webhook.
- `http_timeout` (String) HTTPTimeout specifies the timeout duration for a call to the webhook. Timeout fails the scheduling of the workload. Defaults to 5 seconds.
- `score_path` (String) Path for the score call, empty if not supported. This verb is appended to the URLPrefix when issuing the score call to webhook.
- `select_path` (String) Path for the select call, empty if not supported. This verb is appended to the URLPrefix when issuing the select call to webhook.
- `tls_config` (Attributes) TLSConfig specifies the transport layer security config. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tls_config))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--tls_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tls_config`

Optional:

- `ca_data` (String) CAData holds PEM-encoded bytes (typically read from a root certificates bundle).
- `cert_data` (String) CertData holds PEM-encoded bytes (typically read from a client certificate file).
- `insecure` (Boolean) Server should be accessed without verifying the TLS certificate. For testing only.
- `key_data` (String) KeyData holds PEM-encoded bytes (typically read from a client certificate key file).
- `server_name` (String) ServerName is passed to the server for SNI and is used in the client to check server certificates against. If ServerName is empty, the hostname used to contact the server is used.
