---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_core_kubeadmiral_io_cluster_federated_object_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "core.kubeadmiral.io"
description: |-
  ClusterFederatedObject describes a cluster-scoped Kubernetes object and how it should be propagated to different member clusters.
---

# k8s_core_kubeadmiral_io_cluster_federated_object_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

ClusterFederatedObject describes a cluster-scoped Kubernetes object and how it should be propagated to different member clusters.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_core_kubeadmiral_io_cluster_federated_object_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) Spec defines the desired behavior of the FederatedObject. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `template` (Map of String) Template is the base template of the Kubernetes object to be propagated.

Optional:

- `follows` (Attributes List) Follows defines other objects, or 'leaders', that the Kubernetes object should follow during propagation, i.e. the Kubernetes object should be propagated to all member clusters that its 'leaders' are placed in. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--follows))
- `overrides` (Attributes List) Overrides describe the overrides that should be applied to the base template of the Kubernetes object before it is propagated to individual member clusters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--overrides))
- `placements` (Attributes List) Placements describe the member clusters that the Kubernetes object will be propagated to, which is a union of all the listed clusters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--placements))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--follows"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.follows`

Required:

- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)

Optional:

- `group` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--overrides"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.overrides`

Required:

- `clusters` (Attributes List) Override is the list of member clusters and their respective override patches. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--overrides--clusters))
- `controller` (String) Controller identifies the controller responsible for this override.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--overrides--clusters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.overrides.clusters`

Required:

- `cluster` (String) Cluster is the name of the member cluster.

Optional:

- `patches` (Attributes List) Patches is the list of override patches for the member cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--overrides--clusters--patches))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--overrides--clusters--patches"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.overrides.clusters.patches`

Required:

- `path` (String)

Optional:

- `op` (String)
- `value` (Map of String)




<a id="nestedatt--spec--placements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.placements`

Required:

- `controller` (String) Controller identifies the controller responsible for this placement.
- `placement` (Attributes List) Placement is the list of member clusters that the Kubernetes object should be propagated to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--placements--placement))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--placements--placement"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.placements.placement`

Required:

- `cluster` (String) Cluster is the name of the member cluster.
