---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_couchbase_com_couchbase_collection_group_v2_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "couchbase.com"
description: |-
  CouchbaseCollectionGroup represent the finest grained size of data storage in Couchbase. Collections contain all documents and indexes in the system. Collections also form the finest grain basis for role-based access control (RBAC) and cross-datacenter replication (XDCR). In order to be considered by the Operator, every collection group must be referenced by a 'CouchbaseScope' or 'CouchbaseScopeGroup' resource. Unlike the CouchbaseCollection resource, a collection group represents multiple collections, with common configuration parameters, to be expressed as a single resource, minimizing required configuration and Kubernetes API traffic. It also forms the basis of Couchbase RBAC security boundaries.
---

# k8s_couchbase_com_couchbase_collection_group_v2_manifest (Data Source)

CouchbaseCollectionGroup represent the finest grained size of data storage in Couchbase. Collections contain all documents and indexes in the system. Collections also form the finest grain basis for role-based access control (RBAC) and cross-datacenter replication (XDCR). In order to be considered by the Operator, every collection group must be referenced by a 'CouchbaseScope' or 'CouchbaseScopeGroup' resource. Unlike the CouchbaseCollection resource, a collection group represents multiple collections, with common configuration parameters, to be expressed as a single resource, minimizing required configuration and Kubernetes API traffic. It also forms the basis of Couchbase RBAC security boundaries.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_couchbase_com_couchbase_collection_group_v2_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
  spec = {
    names = ["name-1", "name-2"]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) Spec defines the desired state of the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `names` (List of String) Names specifies the names of the collections. Unlike CouchbaseCollection, which specifies a single collection, a collection group specifies multiple, and the collection group must specify at least one collection name. Any collection names specified must be unique. Collection names must be 1-251 characters in length, contain only [a-zA-Z0-9_-%] and not start with either _ or %.

Optional:

- `max_ttl` (String) MaxTTL defines how long a document is permitted to exist for, without modification, until it is automatically deleted. This field takes precedence over any TTL defined at the bucket level. This is a default, and maximum time-to-live and may be set to a lower value by the client. If the client specifies a higher value, then it is truncated to the maximum durability. Documents are removed by Couchbase, after they have expired, when either accessed, the expiry pager is run, or the bucket is compacted. When set to 0, then documents are not expired by default. This field must be a duration in the range 0-2147483648s, defaulting to 0. More info: https://golang.org/pkg/time/#ParseDuration
