---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_couchbase_com_couchbase_memcached_bucket_v2_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "couchbase.com"
description: |-
  The CouchbaseMemcachedBucket resource defines a set of documents in Couchbase server. A Couchbase client connects to and operates on a bucket, which provides independent management of a set documents and a security boundary for role based access control. A CouchbaseEphemeralBucket provides in-memory only storage for documents contained by it.
---

# k8s_couchbase_com_couchbase_memcached_bucket_v2_manifest (Data Source)

The CouchbaseMemcachedBucket resource defines a set of documents in Couchbase server. A Couchbase client connects to and operates on a bucket, which provides independent management of a set documents and a security boundary for role based access control. A CouchbaseEphemeralBucket provides in-memory only storage for documents contained by it.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_couchbase_com_couchbase_memcached_bucket_v2_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) CouchbaseMemcachedBucketSpec is the specification for a Memcached bucket resource, and allows the bucket to be customized. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `enable_flush` (Boolean) EnableFlush defines whether a client can delete all documents in a bucket. This field defaults to false.
- `memory_quota` (String) MemoryQuota is a memory limit to the size of a bucket. The memory quota is defined per Couchbase pod running the data service. This field defaults to, and must be greater than or equal to 100Mi. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/#resource-units-in-kubernetes
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the bucket within Couchbase server. By default the Operator will use the 'metadata.name' field to define the bucket name. The 'metadata.name' field only supports a subset of the supported character set. When specified, this field overrides 'metadata.name'. Legal bucket names have a maximum length of 100 characters and may be composed of any character from 'a-z', 'A-Z', '0-9' and '-_%.'.
