---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_couchbase_com_couchbase_migration_replication_v2 Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "couchbase.com"
description: |-
  The CouchbaseScopeMigration resource represents the use of the special migration mapping within XDCR to take a filtered list from the default scope and collection of the source bucket, replicate it to named scopes and collections within the target bucket. The bucket-to-bucket replication cannot duplicate any used by the CouchbaseReplication resource, as these two types of replication are mutually exclusive between buckets. https://docs.couchbase.com/server/current/learn/clusters-and-availability/xdcr-with-scopes-and-collections.html#migration
---

# k8s_couchbase_com_couchbase_migration_replication_v2 (Data Source)

The CouchbaseScopeMigration resource represents the use of the special migration mapping within XDCR to take a filtered list from the default scope and collection of the source bucket, replicate it to named scopes and collections within the target bucket. The bucket-to-bucket replication cannot duplicate any used by the CouchbaseReplication resource, as these two types of replication are mutually exclusive between buckets. https://docs.couchbase.com/server/current/learn/clusters-and-availability/xdcr-with-scopes-and-collections.html#migration

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_couchbase_com_couchbase_migration_replication_v2" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) The API group of the requested resource.
- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `kind` (String) The type of the requested resource.
- `migration_mapping` (Attributes) The migration mappings to use, should never be empty as that is just an implicit bucket-to-bucket replication then. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--migration_mapping))
- `spec` (Attributes) CouchbaseReplicationSpec allows configuration of an XDCR replication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--migration_mapping"></a>
### Nested Schema for `migration_mapping`

Read-Only:

- `mappings` (Attributes List) The migration mappings to use, should never be empty as that is just an implicit bucket-to-bucket replication then. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--migration_mapping--mappings))

<a id="nestedatt--migration_mapping--mappings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `migration_mapping.mappings`

Read-Only:

- `filter` (String) A filter to select from the source default scope and collection. Defaults to select everything in the default scope and collection.
- `target_keyspace` (Attributes) The destination of our migration, must be a scope and collection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--migration_mapping--mappings--target_keyspace))

<a id="nestedatt--migration_mapping--mappings--target_keyspace"></a>
### Nested Schema for `migration_mapping.mappings.target_keyspace`

Read-Only:

- `collection` (String) The optional collection within the scope. May be empty to just work at scope level.
- `scope` (String) The scope to use.




<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Read-Only:

- `bucket` (String) Bucket is the source bucket to replicate from.  This refers to the Couchbase bucket name, not the resource name of the bucket.  A bucket with this name must be defined on this cluster.  Legal bucket names have a maximum length of 100 characters and may be composed of any character from 'a-z', 'A-Z', '0-9' and '-_%.'.
- `compression_type` (String) CompressionType is the type of compression to apply to the replication. When None, no compression will be applied to documents as they are transferred between clusters.  When Auto, Couchbase server will automatically compress documents as they are transferred to reduce bandwidth requirements. This field must be one of 'None' or 'Auto', defaulting to 'Auto'.
- `filter_expression` (String) FilterExpression allows certain documents to be filtered out of the replication.
- `paused` (Boolean) Paused allows a replication to be stopped and restarted without having to restart the replication from the beginning.
- `remote_bucket` (String) RemoteBucket is the remote bucket name to synchronize to.  This refers to the Couchbase bucket name, not the resource name of the bucket.  Legal bucket names have a maximum length of 100 characters and may be composed of any character from 'a-z', 'A-Z', '0-9' and '-_%.'.
