---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_crd_projectcalico_org_ipam_block_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "crd.projectcalico.org"
description: |-
  
---

# k8s_crd_projectcalico_org_ipam_block_v1_manifest (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_crd_projectcalico_org_ipam_block_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) IPAMBlockSpec contains the specification for an IPAMBlock resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `allocations` (List of String) Array of allocations in-use within this block. nil entries mean the allocation is free. For non-nil entries at index i, the index is the ordinal of the allocation within this block and the value is the index of the associated attributes in the Attributes array.
- `attributes` (Attributes List) Attributes is an array of arbitrary metadata associated with allocations in the block. To find attributes for a given allocation, use the value of the allocation's entry in the Allocations array as the index of the element in this array. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--attributes))
- `cidr` (String) The block's CIDR.
- `strict_affinity` (Boolean) StrictAffinity on the IPAMBlock is deprecated and no longer used by the code. Use IPAMConfig StrictAffinity instead.
- `unallocated` (List of String) Unallocated is an ordered list of allocations which are free in the block.

Optional:

- `affinity` (String) Affinity of the block, if this block has one. If set, it will be of the form 'host:<hostname>'. If not set, this block is not affine to a host.
- `deleted` (Boolean) Deleted is an internal boolean used to workaround a limitation in the Kubernetes API whereby deletion will not return a conflict error if the block has been updated. It should not be set manually.
- `sequence_number` (Number) We store a sequence number that is updated each time the block is written. Each allocation will also store the sequence number of the block at the time of its creation. When releasing an IP, passing the sequence number associated with the allocation allows us to protect against a race condition and ensure the IP hasn't been released and re-allocated since the release request.
- `sequence_number_for_allocation` (Map of String) Map of allocated ordinal within the block to sequence number of the block at the time of allocation. Kubernetes does not allow numerical keys for maps, so the key is cast to a string.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.attributes`

Optional:

- `handle_id` (String)
- `secondary` (Map of String)
