---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_crd_projectcalico_org_cluster_information_v1 Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "crd.projectcalico.org"
description: |-
  ClusterInformation contains the cluster specific information.
---

# k8s_crd_projectcalico_org_cluster_information_v1 (Data Source)

ClusterInformation contains the cluster specific information.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_crd_projectcalico_org_cluster_information_v1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) The API group of the requested resource.
- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.
- `kind` (String) The type of the requested resource.
- `spec` (Attributes) ClusterInformationSpec contains the values of describing the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Read-Only:

- `calico_version` (String) CalicoVersion is the version of Calico that the cluster is running
- `cluster_guid` (String) ClusterGUID is the GUID of the cluster
- `cluster_type` (String) ClusterType describes the type of the cluster
- `datastore_ready` (Boolean) DatastoreReady is used during significant datastore migrations to signal to components such as Felix that it should wait before accessing the datastore.
- `variant` (String) Variant declares which variant of Calico should be active.
