---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_crd_projectcalico_org_host_endpoint_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "crd.projectcalico.org"
description: |-
  
---

# k8s_crd_projectcalico_org_host_endpoint_v1_manifest (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_crd_projectcalico_org_host_endpoint_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) HostEndpointSpec contains the specification for a HostEndpoint resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `expected_i_ps` (List of String) The expected IP addresses (IPv4 and IPv6) of the endpoint. If 'InterfaceName' is not present, Calico will look for an interface matching any of the IPs in the list and apply policy to that. Note: When using the selector match criteria in an ingress or egress security Policy or Profile, Calico converts the selector into a set of IP addresses. For host endpoints, the ExpectedIPs field is used for that purpose. (If only the interface name is specified, Calico does not learn the IPs of the interface for use in match criteria.)
- `interface_name` (String) Either '*', or the name of a specific Linux interface to apply policy to; or empty. '*' indicates that this HostEndpoint governs all traffic to, from or through the default network namespace of the host named by the 'Node' field; entering and leaving that namespace via any interface, including those from/to non-host-networked local workloads. If InterfaceName is not '*', this HostEndpoint only governs traffic that enters or leaves the host through the specific interface named by InterfaceName, or - when InterfaceName is empty - through the specific interface that has one of the IPs in ExpectedIPs. Therefore, when InterfaceName is empty, at least one expected IP must be specified. Only external interfaces (such as 'eth0') are supported here; it isn't possible for a HostEndpoint to protect traffic through a specific local workload interface. Note: Only some kinds of policy are implemented for '*' HostEndpoints; initially just pre-DNAT policy. Please check Calico documentation for the latest position.
- `node` (String) The node name identifying the Calico node instance.
- `ports` (Attributes List) Ports contains the endpoint's named ports, which may be referenced in security policy rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ports))
- `profiles` (List of String) A list of identifiers of security Profile objects that apply to this endpoint. Each profile is applied in the order that they appear in this list. Profile rules are applied after the selector-based security policy.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ports`

Required:

- `name` (String)
- `port` (Number)
- `protocol` (String)
