---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_dataprotection_kubeblocks_io_backup_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "dataprotection.kubeblocks.io"
description: |-
  Backup is the Schema for the backups API.
---

# k8s_dataprotection_kubeblocks_io_backup_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

Backup is the Schema for the backups API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_dataprotection_kubeblocks_io_backup_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) BackupSpec defines the desired state of Backup. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `backup_method` (String) Specifies the backup method name that is defined in the backup policy.
- `backup_policy_name` (String) Specifies the backup policy to be applied for this backup.

Optional:

- `deletion_policy` (String) Determines whether the backup contents stored in the backup repository should be deleted when the backup custom resource(CR) is deleted. Supported values are 'Retain' and 'Delete'.  - 'Retain' means that the backup content and its physical snapshot on backup repository are kept. - 'Delete' means that the backup content and its physical snapshot on backup repository are deleted.  TODO: for the retain policy, we should support in the future for only deleting the backup CR but retaining the backup contents in backup repository. The current implementation only prevent accidental deletion of backup data.
- `parent_backup_name` (String) Determines the parent backup name for incremental or differential backup.
- `retention_period` (String) Determines a duration up to which the backup should be kept. Controller will remove all backups that are older than the RetentionPeriod. If not set, the backup will be kept forever. For example, RetentionPeriod of '30d' will keep only the backups of last 30 days. Sample duration format:  - years: 	2y - months: 	6mo - days: 		30d - hours: 	12h - minutes: 	30m  You can also combine the above durations. For example: 30d12h30m.
