---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_datadoghq_com_datadog_monitor_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "datadoghq.com"
description: |-
  DatadogMonitor allows to define and manage Monitors from your Kubernetes Cluster
---

# k8s_datadoghq_com_datadog_monitor_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

DatadogMonitor allows to define and manage Monitors from your Kubernetes Cluster

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_datadoghq_com_datadog_monitor_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) DatadogMonitorSpec defines the desired state of DatadogMonitor (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `controller_options` (Attributes) ControllerOptions are the optional parameters in the DatadogMonitor controller (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--controller_options))
- `message` (String) Message is a message to include with notifications for this monitor
- `name` (String) Name is the monitor name
- `options` (Attributes) Options are the optional parameters associated with your monitor (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--options))
- `priority` (Number) Priority is an integer from 1 (high) to 5 (low) indicating alert severity
- `query` (String) Query is the Datadog monitor query
- `restricted_roles` (List of String) RestrictedRoles is a list of unique role identifiers to define which roles are allowed to edit the monitor. 'restricted_roles' is the successor of 'locked'. For more information about 'locked' and 'restricted_roles', see the [monitor options docs](https://docs.datadoghq.com/monitors/guide/monitor_api_options/#permissions-options).
- `tags` (List of String) Tags is the monitor tags associated with your monitor
- `type` (String) Type is the monitor type

<a id="nestedatt--spec--controller_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.controller_options`

Optional:

- `disable_required_tags` (Boolean) DisableRequiredTags disables the automatic addition of required tags to monitors.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.options`

Optional:

- `enable_logs_sample` (Boolean) A Boolean indicating whether to send a log sample when the log monitor triggers.
- `escalation_message` (String) A message to include with a re-notification.
- `evaluation_delay` (Number) Time (in seconds) to delay evaluation, as a non-negative integer. For example, if the value is set to 300 (5min), the timeframe is set to last_5m and the time is 7:00, the monitor evaluates data from 6:50 to 6:55. This is useful for AWS CloudWatch and other backfilled metrics to ensure the monitor always has data during evaluation.
- `groupby_simple_monitor` (Boolean) A Boolean indicating whether the log alert monitor triggers a single alert or multiple alerts when any group breaches a threshold.
- `include_tags` (Boolean) A Boolean indicating whether notifications from this monitor automatically inserts its triggering tags into the title.
- `locked` (Boolean) Whether or not the monitor is locked (only editable by creator and admins).
- `new_group_delay` (Number) Time (in seconds) to allow a host to boot and applications to fully start before starting the evaluation of monitor results. Should be a non negative integer.
- `no_data_timeframe` (Number) The number of minutes before a monitor notifies after data stops reporting. Datadog recommends at least 2x the monitor timeframe for metric alerts or 2 minutes for service checks. If omitted, 2x the evaluation timeframe is used for metric alerts, and 24 hours is used for service checks.
- `notification_preset_name` (String) An enum that toggles the display of additional content sent in the monitor notification.
- `notify_audit` (Boolean) A Boolean indicating whether tagged users are notified on changes to this monitor.
- `notify_by` (List of String) A string indicating the granularity a monitor alerts on. Only available for monitors with groupings. For instance, a monitor grouped by cluster, namespace, and pod can be configured to only notify on each new cluster violating the alert conditions by setting notify_by to ['cluster']. Tags mentioned in notify_by must be a subset of the grouping tags in the query. For example, a query grouped by cluster and namespace cannot notify on region. Setting notify_by to [*] configures the monitor to notify as a simple-alert.
- `notify_no_data` (Boolean) A Boolean indicating whether this monitor notifies when data stops reporting.
- `on_missing_data` (String) An enum that controls how groups or monitors are treated if an evaluation does not return data points. The default option results in different behavior depending on the monitor query type. For monitors using Count queries, an empty monitor evaluation is treated as 0 and is compared to the threshold conditions. For monitors using any query type other than Count, for example Gauge, Measure, or Rate, the monitor shows the last known status. This option is only available for APM Trace Analytics, Audit Trail, CI, Error Tracking, Event, Logs, and RUM monitors
- `renotify_interval` (Number) The number of minutes after the last notification before a monitor re-notifies on the current status. It only re-notifies if it’s not resolved.
- `renotify_occurrences` (Number) The number of times re-notification messages should be sent on the current status at the provided re-notification interval.
- `require_full_window` (Boolean) A Boolean indicating whether this monitor needs a full window of data before it’s evaluated. We highly recommend you set this to false for sparse metrics, otherwise some evaluations are skipped. Default is false.
- `threshold_windows` (Attributes) A struct of the alerting time window options. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--options--threshold_windows))
- `thresholds` (Attributes) A struct of the different monitor threshold values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--options--thresholds))
- `timeout_h` (Number) The number of hours of the monitor not reporting data before it automatically resolves from a triggered state.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--options--threshold_windows"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.options.threshold_windows`

Optional:

- `recovery_window` (String) Describes how long an anomalous metric must be normal before the alert recovers.
- `trigger_window` (String) Describes how long a metric must be anomalous before an alert triggers.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--options--thresholds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.options.thresholds`

Optional:

- `critical` (String) The monitor CRITICAL threshold.
- `critical_recovery` (String) The monitor CRITICAL recovery threshold.
- `ok` (String) The monitor OK threshold.
- `unknown` (String) The monitor UNKNOWN threshold.
- `warning` (String) The monitor WARNING threshold.
- `warning_recovery` (String) The monitor WARNING recovery threshold.
