---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_data_fluid_io_dataset_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "data.fluid.io"
description: |-
  Dataset is the Schema for the datasets API
---

# k8s_data_fluid_io_dataset_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

Dataset is the Schema for the datasets API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_data_fluid_io_dataset_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) DatasetSpec defines the desired state of Dataset (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `access_modes` (List of String) AccessModes contains all ways the volume backing the PVC can be mounted
- `data_restore_location` (Attributes) DataRestoreLocation is the location to load data of dataset  been backuped (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--data_restore_location))
- `mounts` (Attributes List) Mount Points to be mounted on cache runtime. <br>This field can be empty because some runtimes don't need to mount external storage (e.g.<a href='https://v6d.io/'>Vineyard</a>). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mounts))
- `node_affinity` (Attributes) NodeAffinity defines constraints that limit what nodes this dataset can be cached to.This field influences the scheduling of pods that use the cached dataset. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--node_affinity))
- `owner` (Attributes) The owner of the dataset (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--owner))
- `placement` (String) Manage switch for opening Multiple datasets single node deployment or notTODO(xieydd) In future, evaluate node resources and runtime resources to decide whether to turn them on
- `runtimes` (Attributes List) Runtimes for supporting dataset (e.g. AlluxioRuntime) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runtimes))
- `shared_encrypt_options` (Attributes List) SharedEncryptOptions is the encryptOption to all mount (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--shared_encrypt_options))
- `shared_options` (Map of String) SharedOptions is the options to all mount
- `tolerations` (Attributes List) If specified, the pod's tolerations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tolerations))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--data_restore_location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.data_restore_location`

Optional:

- `node_name` (String) NodeName describes the nodeName of restore if Path is  in the form of local://subpath
- `path` (String) Path describes the path of restore, in the form of  local://subpath or pvc://<pvcName>/subpath


<a id="nestedatt--spec--mounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mounts`

Required:

- `mount_point` (String) MountPoint is the mount point of source.

Optional:

- `encrypt_options` (Attributes List) The secret information (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mounts--encrypt_options))
- `name` (String) The name of mount
- `options` (Map of String) The Mount Options. <br>Refer to <a href='https://docs.alluxio.io/os/user/stable/en/reference/Properties-List.html'>Mount Options</a>.  <br>The option has Prefix 'fs.' And you can Learn more from<a href='https://docs.alluxio.io/os/user/stable/en/ufs/S3.html'>The Storage Integrations</a>
- `path` (String) The path of mount, if not set will be /{Name}
- `read_only` (Boolean) Optional: Defaults to false (read-write).
- `shared` (Boolean) Optional: Defaults to false (shared).

<a id="nestedatt--spec--mounts--encrypt_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mounts.encrypt_options`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of encryptOption

Optional:

- `value_from` (Attributes) The valueFrom of encryptOption (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mounts--encrypt_options--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--mounts--encrypt_options--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mounts.encrypt_options.value_from`

Optional:

- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) The encryptInfo obtained from secret (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mounts--encrypt_options--value_from--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--mounts--encrypt_options--value_from--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mounts.encrypt_options.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of required secret

Optional:

- `key` (String) The required key in the secret





<a id="nestedatt--spec--node_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.node_affinity`

Optional:

- `required` (Attributes) Required specifies hard node constraints that must be met. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--node_affinity--required))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--node_affinity--required"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.node_affinity.required`

Required:

- `node_selector_terms` (Attributes List) Required. A list of node selector terms. The terms are ORed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--node_affinity--required--node_selector_terms))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--node_affinity--required--node_selector_terms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.node_affinity.required.node_selector_terms`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's labels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--node_affinity--required--node_selector_terms--match_expressions))
- `match_fields` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--node_affinity--required--node_selector_terms--match_fields))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--node_affinity--required--node_selector_terms--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.node_affinity.required.node_selector_terms.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the valuesarray must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer.This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--node_affinity--required--node_selector_terms--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.node_affinity.required.node_selector_terms.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the valuesarray must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer.This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--owner"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.owner`

Required:

- `gid` (Number) The gid to run the alluxio runtime
- `group` (String) The group name to run the alluxio runtime
- `uid` (Number) The uid to run the alluxio runtime
- `user` (String) The user name to run the alluxio runtime


<a id="nestedatt--spec--runtimes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runtimes`

Optional:

- `category` (String) Category the runtime object belongs to (e.g. Accelerate)
- `master_replicas` (Number) Runtime master replicas
- `name` (String) Name of the runtime object
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the runtime object
- `type` (String) Runtime object's type (e.g. Alluxio)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--shared_encrypt_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.shared_encrypt_options`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of encryptOption

Optional:

- `value_from` (Attributes) The valueFrom of encryptOption (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--shared_encrypt_options--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--shared_encrypt_options--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.shared_encrypt_options.value_from`

Optional:

- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) The encryptInfo obtained from secret (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--shared_encrypt_options--value_from--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--shared_encrypt_options--value_from--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.shared_encrypt_options.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of required secret

Optional:

- `key` (String) The required key in the secret




<a id="nestedatt--spec--tolerations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tolerations`

Optional:

- `effect` (String) Effect indicates the taint effect to match. Empty means match all taint effects.When specified, allowed values are NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Key is the taint key that the toleration applies to. Empty means match all taint keys.If the key is empty, operator must be Exists; this combination means to match all values and all keys.
- `operator` (String) Operator represents a key's relationship to the value.Valid operators are Exists and Equal. Defaults to Equal.Exists is equivalent to wildcard for value, so that a pod cantolerate all taints of a particular category.
- `toleration_seconds` (Number) TolerationSeconds represents the period of time the toleration (which must beof effect NoExecute, otherwise this field is ignored) tolerates the taint. By default,it is not set, which means tolerate the taint forever (do not evict). Zero andnegative values will be treated as 0 (evict immediately) by the system.
- `value` (String) Value is the taint value the toleration matches to.If the operator is Exists, the value should be empty, otherwise just a regular string.
