---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_dataprotection_kubeblocks_io_backup_schedule_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "dataprotection.kubeblocks.io"
description: |-
  BackupSchedule is the Schema for the backupschedules API.
---

# k8s_dataprotection_kubeblocks_io_backup_schedule_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

BackupSchedule is the Schema for the backupschedules API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_dataprotection_kubeblocks_io_backup_schedule_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) BackupScheduleSpec defines the desired state of BackupSchedule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `backup_policy_name` (String) Specifies the backupPolicy to be applied for the 'schedules'.
- `schedules` (Attributes List) Defines the list of backup schedules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--schedules))

Optional:

- `starting_deadline_minutes` (Number) Defines the deadline in minutes for starting the backup workload if it misses its scheduled time for any reason.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--schedules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.schedules`

Required:

- `backup_method` (String) Specifies the backup method name that is defined in backupPolicy.
- `cron_expression` (String) Specifies the cron expression for the schedule. The timezone is in UTC. see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cron.

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether the backup schedule is enabled or not.
- `retention_period` (String) Determines the duration for which the backup should be kept. KubeBlocks will remove all backups that are older than the RetentionPeriod. For example, RetentionPeriod of '30d' will keep only the backups of last 30 days. Sample duration format: - years: 2y - months: 6mo - days: 30d - hours: 12h - minutes: 30m You can also combine the above durations. For example: 30d12h30m
