---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_dataprotection_kubeblocks_io_backup_repo_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "dataprotection.kubeblocks.io"
description: |-
  BackupRepo is a repository for storing backup data.
---

# k8s_dataprotection_kubeblocks_io_backup_repo_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

BackupRepo is a repository for storing backup data.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_dataprotection_kubeblocks_io_backup_repo_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) BackupRepoSpec defines the desired state of 'BackupRepo'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `pv_reclaim_policy` (String) Specifies reclaim policy of the PV created by this backup repository.
- `storage_provider_ref` (String) Specifies the name of the 'StorageProvider' used by this backup repository.

Optional:

- `access_method` (String) Specifies the access method of the backup repository.
- `config` (Map of String) Stores the non-secret configuration parameters for the 'StorageProvider'.
- `credential` (Attributes) References to the secret that holds the credentials for the 'StorageProvider'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--credential))
- `volume_capacity` (String) Specifies the capacity of the PVC created by this backup repository.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--credential"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.credential`

Optional:

- `name` (String) name is unique within a namespace to reference a secret resource.
- `namespace` (String) namespace defines the space within which the secret name must be unique.
