---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_datadoghq_com_datadog_slo_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "datadoghq.com"
description: |-
  DatadogSLO allows a user to define and manage datadog SLOs from Kubernetes cluster.
---

# k8s_datadoghq_com_datadog_slo_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

DatadogSLO allows a user to define and manage datadog SLOs from Kubernetes cluster.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_datadoghq_com_datadog_slo_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the service level objective.
- `target_threshold` (String) TargetThreshold is the target threshold such that when the service level indicator is above this threshold over the given timeframe, the objective is being met.
- `timeframe` (String) The SLO time window options.
- `type` (String) Type is the type of the service level objective.

Optional:

- `controller_options` (Attributes) ControllerOptions are the optional parameters in the DatadogSLO controller (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--controller_options))
- `description` (String) Description is a user-defined description of the service level objective. Always included in service level objective responses (but may be null). Optional in create/update requests.
- `groups` (List of String) Groups is a list of (up to 100) monitor groups that narrow the scope of a monitor service level objective. Included in service level objective responses if it is not empty. Optional in create/update requests for monitor service level objectives, but may only be used when the length of the monitor_ids field is one.
- `monitor_i_ds` (List of String) MonitorIDs is a list of monitor IDs that defines the scope of a monitor service level objective. Required if type is monitor.
- `query` (Attributes) Query is the query for a metric-based SLO. Required if type is metric. Note that only the 'sum by' aggregator is allowed, which sums all request counts. 'Average', 'max', nor 'min' request aggregators are not supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--query))
- `tags` (List of String) Tags is a list of tags to associate with your service level objective. This can help you categorize and filter service level objectives in the service level objectives page of the UI. Note: it's not currently possible to filter by these tags when querying via the API.
- `warning_threshold` (String) WarningThreshold is a optional warning threshold such that when the service level indicator is below this value for the given threshold, but above the target threshold, the objective appears in a 'warning' state. This value must be greater than the target threshold.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--controller_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.controller_options`

Optional:

- `disable_required_tags` (Boolean) DisableRequiredTags disables the automatic addition of required tags to SLOs.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--query"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.query`

Required:

- `denominator` (String) Denominator is a Datadog metric query for total (valid) events.
- `numerator` (String) Numerator is a Datadog metric query for good events.
