---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_devices_kubeedge_io_device_v1alpha2_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "devices.kubeedge.io"
description: |-
  Device is the Schema for the devices API
---

# k8s_devices_kubeedge_io_device_v1alpha2_manifest (Data Source)

Device is the Schema for the devices API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_devices_kubeedge_io_device_v1alpha2_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) DeviceSpec represents a single device instance. It is an instantation of a device model. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `data` (Attributes) Data section describe a list of time-series properties which should be processed on edge node. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--data))
- `device_model_ref` (Attributes) Required: DeviceModelRef is reference to the device model used as a template to create the device instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--device_model_ref))
- `node_selector` (Attributes) NodeSelector indicates the binding preferences between devices and nodes. Refer to k8s.io/kubernetes/pkg/apis/core NodeSelector for more details (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--node_selector))
- `property_visitors` (Attributes List) List of property visitors which describe how to access the device properties. PropertyVisitors must unique by propertyVisitor.propertyName. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--property_visitors))
- `protocol` (Attributes) Required: The protocol configuration used to connect to the device. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--protocol))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.data`

Optional:

- `data_properties` (Attributes List) Required: A list of data properties, which are not required to be processed by edgecore (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--data--data_properties))
- `data_topic` (String) Topic used by mapper, all data collected from dataProperties should be published to this topic, the default value is $ke/events/device/+/data/update

<a id="nestedatt--spec--data--data_properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.data.data_properties`

Optional:

- `metadata` (Map of String) Additional metadata like timestamp when the value was reported etc.
- `property_name` (String) Required: The property name for which should be processed by external apps. This property should be present in the device model.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--device_model_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.device_model_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?


<a id="nestedatt--spec--node_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.node_selector`

Required:

- `node_selector_terms` (Attributes List) Required. A list of node selector terms. The terms are ORed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--node_selector--node_selector_terms))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--node_selector--node_selector_terms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.node_selector.node_selector_terms`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's labels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--node_selector--node_selector_terms--match_expressions))
- `match_fields` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--node_selector--node_selector_terms--match_fields))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--node_selector--node_selector_terms--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.node_selector.node_selector_terms.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--node_selector--node_selector_terms--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.node_selector.node_selector_terms.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--property_visitors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.property_visitors`

Optional:

- `bluetooth` (Attributes) Bluetooth represents a set of additional visitor config fields of bluetooth protocol. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--property_visitors--bluetooth))
- `collect_cycle` (Number) Define how frequent mapper will collect from device.
- `customized_protocol` (Attributes) CustomizedProtocol represents a set of visitor config fields of bluetooth protocol. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--property_visitors--customized_protocol))
- `customized_values` (Map of String) Customized values for visitor of provided protocols
- `modbus` (Attributes) Modbus represents a set of additional visitor config fields of modbus protocol. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--property_visitors--modbus))
- `opcua` (Attributes) Opcua represents a set of additional visitor config fields of opc-ua protocol. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--property_visitors--opcua))
- `property_name` (String) Required: The device property name to be accessed. This should refer to one of the device properties defined in the device model.
- `report_cycle` (Number) Define how frequent mapper will report the value.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--property_visitors--bluetooth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.property_visitors.bluetooth`

Optional:

- `characteristic_uuid` (String) Required: Unique ID of the corresponding operation
- `data_converter` (Attributes) Responsible for converting the data being read from the bluetooth device into a form that is understandable by the platform (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--property_visitors--bluetooth--data_converter))
- `data_write` (Map of String) Responsible for converting the data coming from the platform into a form that is understood by the bluetooth device For example: 'ON':[1], 'OFF':[0]

<a id="nestedatt--spec--property_visitors--bluetooth--data_converter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.property_visitors.bluetooth.data_write`

Optional:

- `end_index` (Number) Required: Specifies the end index of incoming byte stream to be considered to convert the data the value specified should be inclusive for example if 3 is specified it includes the third index
- `order_of_operations` (Attributes List) Specifies in what order the operations(which are required to be performed to convert incoming data into understandable form) are performed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--property_visitors--bluetooth--data_write--order_of_operations))
- `shift_left` (Number) Refers to the number of bits to shift left, if left-shift operation is necessary for conversion
- `shift_right` (Number) Refers to the number of bits to shift right, if right-shift operation is necessary for conversion
- `start_index` (Number) Required: Specifies the start index of the incoming byte stream to be considered to convert the data. For example: start-index:2, end-index:3 concatenates the value present at second and third index of the incoming byte stream. If we want to reverse the order we can give it as start-index:3, end-index:2

<a id="nestedatt--spec--property_visitors--bluetooth--data_write--order_of_operations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.property_visitors.bluetooth.data_write.order_of_operations`

Optional:

- `operation_type` (String) Required: Specifies the operation to be performed to convert incoming data
- `operation_value` (Number) Required: Specifies with what value the operation is to be performed




<a id="nestedatt--spec--property_visitors--customized_protocol"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.property_visitors.customized_protocol`

Optional:

- `config_data` (Map of String) Required: The configData of customized protocol
- `protocol_name` (String) Required: name of customized protocol


<a id="nestedatt--spec--property_visitors--modbus"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.property_visitors.modbus`

Optional:

- `is_register_swap` (Boolean) Indicates whether the high and low register swapped. Defaults to false.
- `is_swap` (Boolean) Indicates whether the high and low byte swapped. Defaults to false.
- `limit` (Number) Required: Limit number of registers to read/write.
- `offset` (Number) Required: Offset indicates the starting register number to read/write data.
- `register` (String) Required: Type of register
- `scale` (Number) The scale to convert raw property data into final units. Defaults to 1.0


<a id="nestedatt--spec--property_visitors--opcua"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.property_visitors.opcua`

Optional:

- `browse_name` (String) The name of opc-ua node
- `node_id` (String) Required: The ID of opc-ua node, e.g. 'ns=1,i=1005'



<a id="nestedatt--spec--protocol"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.protocol`

Optional:

- `bluetooth` (Attributes) Protocol configuration for bluetooth (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--protocol--bluetooth))
- `common` (Attributes) Configuration for protocol common part (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--protocol--common))
- `customized_protocol` (Attributes) Configuration for customized protocol (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--protocol--customized_protocol))
- `modbus` (Attributes) Protocol configuration for modbus (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--protocol--modbus))
- `opcua` (Attributes) Protocol configuration for opc-ua (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--protocol--opcua))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--protocol--bluetooth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.protocol.bluetooth`

Optional:

- `mac_address` (String) Unique identifier assigned to the device.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--protocol--common"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.protocol.common`

Optional:

- `collect_retry_times` (Number) Define retry times of mapper will collect from device.
- `collect_timeout` (Number) Define timeout of mapper collect from device.
- `collect_type` (String) Define collect type, sync or async.
- `com` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--protocol--common--com))
- `comm_type` (String) Communication type, like tcp client, tcp server or COM
- `customized_values` (Map of String) Customized values for provided protocol
- `reconn_retry_times` (Number) Reconnecting retry times
- `reconn_timeout` (Number) Reconnection timeout
- `tcp` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--protocol--common--tcp))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--protocol--common--com"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.protocol.common.tcp`

Optional:

- `baud_rate` (Number) Required. BaudRate 115200|57600|38400|19200|9600|4800|2400|1800|1200|600|300|200|150|134|110|75|50
- `data_bits` (Number) Required. Valid values are 8, 7, 6, 5.
- `parity` (String) Required. Valid options are 'none', 'even', 'odd'. Defaults to 'none'.
- `serial_port` (String) Required.
- `stop_bits` (Number) Required. Bit that stops 1|2


<a id="nestedatt--spec--protocol--common--tcp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.protocol.common.tcp`

Optional:

- `ip` (String) Required.
- `port` (Number) Required.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--protocol--customized_protocol"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.protocol.customized_protocol`

Optional:

- `config_data` (Map of String) Any config data
- `protocol_name` (String) Unique protocol name Required.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--protocol--modbus"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.protocol.modbus`

Optional:

- `slave_id` (Number) Required. 0-255


<a id="nestedatt--spec--protocol--opcua"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.protocol.opcua`

Optional:

- `certificate` (String) Certificate for access opc server.
- `password` (String) Password for access opc server.
- `private_key` (String) PrivateKey for access opc server.
- `security_mode` (String) Defaults to 'none'.
- `security_policy` (String) Defaults to 'none'.
- `timeout` (Number) Timeout seconds for the opc server connection.???
- `url` (String) Required: The URL for opc server endpoint.
- `user_name` (String) Username for access opc server.
