---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_devices_kubeedge_io_device_v1beta1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "devices.kubeedge.io"
description: |-
  Device is the Schema for the devices API
---

# k8s_devices_kubeedge_io_device_v1beta1_manifest (Data Source)

Device is the Schema for the devices API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_devices_kubeedge_io_device_v1beta1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) DeviceSpec represents a single device instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `device_model_ref` (Attributes) Required: DeviceModelRef is reference to the device model used as a template to create the device instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--device_model_ref))
- `methods` (Attributes List) List of methods of device. methods list item must be unique by method.Name. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--methods))
- `node_name` (String) NodeName is a request to schedule this device onto a specific node. If it is non-empty, the scheduler simply schedules this device onto that node, assuming that it fits resource requirements.
- `properties` (Attributes List) List of properties which describe the device properties. properties list item must be unique by properties.Name. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--properties))
- `protocol` (Attributes) Required: The protocol configuration used to connect to the device. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--protocol))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--device_model_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.device_model_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?


<a id="nestedatt--spec--methods"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.methods`

Optional:

- `description` (String) Define the description of device method.
- `name` (String) Required: The device method name to be accessed. It must be unique.
- `property_names` (List of String) PropertyNames are list of device properties that device methods can control. Required: A device method can control multiple device properties.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.properties`

Optional:

- `collect_cycle` (Number) Define how frequent mapper will collect from device.
- `desired` (Attributes) The desired property value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--properties--desired))
- `name` (String) Required: The device property name to be accessed. It must be unique. Note: If you need to use the built-in stream data processing function, you need to define Name as saveFrame or saveVideo
- `push_method` (Attributes) PushMethod represents the protocol used to push data, please ensure that the mapper can access the destination address. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--properties--push_method))
- `report_cycle` (Number) Define how frequent mapper will report the value.
- `report_to_cloud` (Boolean) whether be reported to the cloud
- `visitors` (Attributes) Visitors are intended to be consumed by device mappers which connect to devices and collect data / perform actions on the device. Required: Protocol relevant config details about the how to access the device property. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--properties--visitors))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--properties--desired"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.properties.desired`

Required:

- `value` (String) Required: The value for this property.

Optional:

- `metadata` (Map of String) Additional metadata like timestamp when the value was reported etc.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--properties--push_method"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.properties.push_method`

Optional:

- `db_method` (Attributes) DBMethod represents the method used to push data to database, please ensure that the mapper can access the destination address. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--properties--push_method--db_method))
- `http` (Attributes) HTTP Push method configuration for http (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--properties--push_method--http))
- `mqtt` (Attributes) MQTT Push method configuration for mqtt (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--properties--push_method--mqtt))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--properties--push_method--db_method"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.properties.push_method.db_method`

Optional:

- `influxdb2` (Attributes) method configuration for database (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--properties--push_method--db_method--influxdb2))
- `mysql` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--properties--push_method--db_method--mysql))
- `redis` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--properties--push_method--db_method--redis))
- `td_engine` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--properties--push_method--db_method--td_engine))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--properties--push_method--db_method--influxdb2"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.properties.push_method.db_method.influxdb2`

Optional:

- `influxdb2_client_config` (Attributes) Config of influx database (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--properties--push_method--db_method--influxdb2--influxdb2_client_config))
- `influxdb2_data_config` (Attributes) config of device data when push to influx database (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--properties--push_method--db_method--influxdb2--influxdb2_data_config))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--properties--push_method--db_method--influxdb2--influxdb2_client_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.properties.push_method.db_method.influxdb2.influxdb2_client_config`

Optional:

- `bucket` (String) Bucket of the user in influx database
- `org` (String) Org of the user in influx database
- `url` (String) Url of influx database


<a id="nestedatt--spec--properties--push_method--db_method--influxdb2--influxdb2_data_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.properties.push_method.db_method.influxdb2.influxdb2_data_config`

Optional:

- `field_key` (String) FieldKey of the user data
- `measurement` (String) Measurement of the user data
- `tag` (Map of String) the tag of device data



<a id="nestedatt--spec--properties--push_method--db_method--mysql"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.properties.push_method.db_method.mysql`

Optional:

- `mysql_client_config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--properties--push_method--db_method--mysql--mysql_client_config))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--properties--push_method--db_method--mysql--mysql_client_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.properties.push_method.db_method.mysql.mysql_client_config`

Optional:

- `addr` (String) mysql address,like localhost:3306
- `database` (String) database name
- `user_name` (String) user name



<a id="nestedatt--spec--properties--push_method--db_method--redis"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.properties.push_method.db_method.redis`

Optional:

- `redis_client_config` (Attributes) RedisClientConfig of redis database (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--properties--push_method--db_method--redis--redis_client_config))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--properties--push_method--db_method--redis--redis_client_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.properties.push_method.db_method.redis.redis_client_config`

Optional:

- `addr` (String) Addr of Redis database
- `db` (Number) Db of Redis database
- `min_idle_conns` (Number) MinIdleConns of Redis database
- `poolsize` (Number) Poolsize of Redis database



<a id="nestedatt--spec--properties--push_method--db_method--td_engine"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.properties.push_method.db_method.td_engine`

Optional:

- `td_engine_client_config` (Attributes) tdengineClientConfig of tdengine database (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--properties--push_method--db_method--td_engine--td_engine_client_config))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--properties--push_method--db_method--td_engine--td_engine_client_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.properties.push_method.db_method.td_engine.td_engine_client_config`

Optional:

- `addr` (String) addr of tdEngine database
- `db_name` (String) dbname of tdEngine database




<a id="nestedatt--spec--properties--push_method--http"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.properties.push_method.http`

Optional:

- `host_name` (String)
- `port` (Number)
- `request_path` (String)
- `timeout` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--properties--push_method--mqtt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.properties.push_method.mqtt`

Optional:

- `address` (String) broker address, like mqtt://127.0.0.1:1883
- `qos` (Number) qos of mqtt publish param
- `retained` (Boolean) Is the message retained
- `topic` (String) publish topic for mqtt



<a id="nestedatt--spec--properties--visitors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.properties.visitors`

Optional:

- `config_data` (Map of String) Required: The configData of customized protocol
- `protocol_name` (String) Required: name of customized protocol



<a id="nestedatt--spec--protocol"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.protocol`

Optional:

- `config_data` (Map of String) Any config data
- `protocol_name` (String) Unique protocol name Required.
