---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_dex_gpu_ninja_com_dex_identity_provider_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "dex.gpu-ninja.com"
description: |-
  DexIdentityProvider is a Dex identity provider instance.
---

# k8s_dex_gpu_ninja_com_dex_identity_provider_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

DexIdentityProvider is a Dex identity provider instance.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_dex_gpu_ninja_com_dex_identity_provider_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) DexIdentityProviderSpec defines the desired state of the Dex identity provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `grpc` (Attributes) GRPC holds configuration for the Dex API gRPC server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--grpc))
- `image` (String) Image is the Dex image to use.
- `issuer` (String) Issuer is the base path of Dex and the external name of the OpenID Connect service. This is the canonical URL that all clients MUST use to refer to Dex.
- `storage` (Attributes) Storage configures the storage for Dex. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage))
- `web` (Attributes) Web holds configuration for the web server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--web))

Optional:

- `client_certificate_secret_ref` (Attributes) ClientCertificateSecretRef is an optional reference to a secret containing a client certificate that the operator can use for connecting to the Dex API gRPC server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--client_certificate_secret_ref))
- `connectors` (Attributes List) Connectors holds configuration for connectors. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--connectors))
- `expiry` (Attributes) Expiry holds configuration for tokens, signing keys, etc. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--expiry))
- `frontend` (Attributes) Frontend holds the web server's frontend templates and asset configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--frontend))
- `ingress` (Attributes) Ingress is the optional ingress configuration for the Dex identity provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ingress))
- `logger` (Attributes) Logger holds configuration required to customize logging for dex. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--logger))
- `metrics` (Attributes) Metrics holds configuration for metrics. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--metrics))
- `oauth2` (Attributes) OAuth2 holds configuration for OAuth2. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--oauth2))
- `replicas` (Number) Replicas is the optional number of replicas of the Dex identity provider pod to run. Only supported if using postgresql storage.
- `resources` (Attributes) Resources allows specifying the resource requirements for the Dex identity provider container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources))
- `volume_claim_templates` (Attributes List) VolumeClaimTemplates are volume claim templates for the Dex identity provider pod. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume_claim_templates))
- `volume_mounts` (Attributes List) VolumeMounts are volume mounts for the Dex identity provider container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume_mounts))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--grpc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.grpc`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations is an optional map of additional annotations to add to the Dex API gRPC service.
- `certificate_secret_ref` (Attributes) CertificateSecretRef is an optional reference to a secret containing the TLS certificate and key to use for the Dex API gRPC server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--grpc--certificate_secret_ref))
- `client_ca_secret_ref` (Attributes) ClientCASecretRef is an optional reference to a secret containing the client CA. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--grpc--client_ca_secret_ref))
- `reflection` (Boolean) Reflection enables gRPC server reflection.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--grpc--certificate_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.grpc.certificate_secret_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the secret.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--grpc--client_ca_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.grpc.client_ca_secret_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the secret.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type is the storage type to use.

Optional:

- `postgres` (Attributes) Postgres holds the configuration for the postgres storage type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--postgres))
- `sqlite3` (Attributes) Sqlite3 holds the configuration for the sqlite3 storage type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--sqlite3))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--postgres"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.postgres`

Required:

- `credentials_secret_ref` (Attributes) CredentialsSecretRef is a reference to a secret containing the username and password to use for authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--postgres--credentials_secret_ref))
- `database` (String) Database is the name of the database to connect to.
- `host` (String) Host is the host to connect to.
- `port` (Number) Port is the port to connect to.

Optional:

- `conn_max_lifetime` (String) ConnMaxLifetime is the maximum amount of time a connection may be reused (default forever).
- `connection_timeout` (String) ConnectionTimeout is the maximum amount of time to wait for a connection to become available.
- `max_idle_conns` (Number) MaxIdleConns is the maximum number of connections in the idle connection pool (default 5).
- `max_open_conns` (Number) MaxOpenConns is the maximum number of open connections to the database (default 5).
- `ssl` (Attributes) SSL holds optional TLS configuration for postgres. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--postgres--ssl))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--postgres--credentials_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.postgres.credentials_secret_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the secret.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--postgres--ssl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.postgres.ssl`

Optional:

- `ca_secret_ref` (Attributes) CASecretRef is an optional reference to a secret containing the CA certificate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--postgres--ssl--ca_secret_ref))
- `client_certificate_secret_ref` (Attributes) ClientCertificateSecretRef is an optional reference to a secret containing the client certificate and key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--postgres--ssl--client_certificate_secret_ref))
- `mode` (String) Mode is the SSL mode to use.
- `server_name` (String) ServerName ensures that the certificate matches the given hostname the client is connecting to.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--postgres--ssl--ca_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.postgres.ssl.ca_secret_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the secret.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--postgres--ssl--client_certificate_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.postgres.ssl.client_certificate_secret_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the secret.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--sqlite3"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.sqlite3`

Required:

- `file` (String) File is the path to the sqlite3 database file.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--web"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.web`

Optional:

- `allowed_origins` (List of String) AllowedOrigins is a list of allowed origins for CORS requests.
- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations is an optional map of additional annotations to add to the web service.
- `certificate_secret_ref` (Attributes) CertificateSecretRef is an optional reference to a secret containing the TLS certificate and key to use for HTTPS. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--web--certificate_secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--web--certificate_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.web.certificate_secret_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the secret.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--client_certificate_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.client_certificate_secret_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the secret.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--connectors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.connectors`

Required:

- `id` (String) ID is the connector ID.
- `name` (String) Name is the connector name.
- `type` (String) Type is the connector type to use.

Optional:

- `ldap` (Attributes) LDAP holds configuration for the LDAP connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--connectors--ldap))
- `oidc` (Attributes) OIDC holds configuration for the OIDC connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--connectors--oidc))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--connectors--ldap"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.connectors.ldap`

Required:

- `bind_password_secret_ref` (Attributes) BindPasswordSecretRef is a reference to a secret containing the bind password. The connector uses these credentials to search for users and groups. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--connectors--ldap--bind_password_secret_ref))
- `bind_username` (String) BindUsername is the DN of the user to bind with. The connector uses these credentials to search for users and groups.
- `group_search` (Attributes) GroupSearch contains configuration for searching LDAP groups. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--connectors--ldap--group_search))
- `host` (String) Host is the host and optional port of the LDAP server. If port isn't supplied, it will be guessed based on the TLS configuration.
- `user_search` (Attributes) UserSearch contains configuration for searching LDAP users. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--connectors--ldap--user_search))

Optional:

- `ca_secret_ref` (Attributes) CASecretRef is an optional reference to a secret containing the CA certificate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--connectors--ldap--ca_secret_ref))
- `client_certificate_secret_ref` (Attributes) ClientCertificateSecretRef is an optional reference to a secret containing the client certificate and key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--connectors--ldap--client_certificate_secret_ref))
- `insecure_no_ssl` (Boolean) InsecureNoSSL is required to connect to a server without TLS.
- `insecure_skip_verify` (Boolean) InsecureSkipVerify allows connecting to a server without verifying the TLS certificate.
- `start_tls` (Boolean) StartTLS allows connecting to a server that supports the StartTLS command. If unsupplied secure connections will use the LDAPS protocol.
- `username_prompt` (String) UsernamePrompt allows users to override the username attribute (displayed in the username/password prompt). If unset, the handler will use 'Username'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--connectors--ldap--bind_password_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.connectors.ldap.bind_password_secret_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the secret.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--connectors--ldap--group_search"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.connectors.ldap.group_search`

Required:

- `base_dn` (String) BaseDN to start the search from. For example 'cn=groups,dc=example,dc=com'
- `name_attr` (String) NameAttr is the attribute of the group that represents its name.
- `user_matchers` (Attributes List) UserMatchers is an array of the field pairs used to match a user to a group. See the 'DexIdentityProviderConnectorLDAPGroupSearchUserMatcher' struct for the exact field names  Each pair adds an additional requirement to the filter that an attribute in the group match the user's attribute value. For example that the 'members' attribute of a group matches the 'uid' of the user. The exact filter being added is:  (userMatchers[n].<groupAttr>=userMatchers[n].<userAttr value>) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--connectors--ldap--username_prompt--user_matchers))

Optional:

- `filter` (String) Filter is an optional filter to apply when searching the directory. For example '(objectClass=posixGroup)'
- `scope` (String) Scope is the optional scope of the search (default 'sub'). Can either be: * 'sub' - search the whole sub tree * 'one' - only search one level

<a id="nestedatt--spec--connectors--ldap--username_prompt--user_matchers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.connectors.ldap.username_prompt.user_matchers`

Required:

- `group_attr` (String) GroupAttr is the attribute to match against the group ID.
- `user_attr` (String) UserAttr is the attribute to match against the user ID.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--connectors--ldap--user_search"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.connectors.ldap.user_search`

Required:

- `base_dn` (String) BaseDN to start the search from. For example 'cn=users,dc=example,dc=com'
- `username` (String) Username is the attribute to match against the inputted username. This will be translated and combined with the other filter as '(<attr>=<username>)'.

Optional:

- `email_attr` (String) EmailAttr is the attribute to use as the user email (default 'mail').
- `email_suffix` (String) EmailSuffix if set, will be appended to the idAttr to construct the email claim. This should not include the @ character.
- `filter` (String) Filter is an optional filter to apply when searching the directory. For example '(objectClass=person)'
- `id_attr` (String) IDAttr is the attribute to use as the user ID (default 'uid').
- `name_attr` (String) NameAttr is the attribute to use as the display name for the user.
- `preferred_username_attr` (String) PreferredUsernameAttr is the attribute to use as the preferred username for the user.
- `scope` (String) Scope is the optional scope of the search (default 'sub'). Can either be: * 'sub' - search the whole sub tree * 'one' - only search one level


<a id="nestedatt--spec--connectors--ldap--ca_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.connectors.ldap.ca_secret_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the secret.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--connectors--ldap--client_certificate_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.connectors.ldap.client_certificate_secret_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the secret.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--connectors--oidc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.connectors.oidc`

Required:

- `client_secret_ref` (Attributes) ClientSecretRef is a reference to a secret containing the OAuth client id and secret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--connectors--oidc--client_secret_ref))
- `issuer` (String) Issuer is the URL of the OIDC issuer.
- `redirect_uri` (String) RedirectURI is the OAuth redirect URI.

Optional:

- `acr_values` (List of String) AcrValues (Authentication Context Class Reference Values) that specifies the Authentication Context Class Values within the Authentication Request that the Authorization Server is being requested to use for processing requests from this Client, with the values appearing in order of preference.
- `basic_auth_unsupported` (Boolean) BasicAuthUnsupported causes client_secret to be passed as POST parameters instead of basic auth. This is specifically 'NOT RECOMMENDED' by the OAuth2 RFC, but some providers require it.  https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749#section-2.3.1
- `ca_secret_ref` (Attributes) CASecretRef is an optional reference to a secret containing the CA certificate. Only required if your provider uses a self-signed certificate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--connectors--oidc--ca_secret_ref))
- `claim_mapping` (Attributes) ClaimMapping is used to map non-standard claims to standard claims. Some providers return non-standard claims (eg. mail). https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#Claims (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--connectors--oidc--claim_mapping))
- `get_user_info` (Boolean) GetUserInfo uses the userinfo endpoint to get additional claims for the token. This is especially useful where upstreams return 'thin' id tokens
- `insecure_enable_groups` (Boolean) InsecureEnableGroups enables groups claims.
- `insecure_skip_email_verified` (Boolean) InsecureSkipEmailVerified if set will override the value of email_verified to true in the returned claims.
- `insecure_skip_verify` (Boolean) InsecureSkipVerify disables TLS certificate verification.
- `override_claim_mapping` (Boolean) OverrideClaimMapping will be used to override the options defined in claimMappings. i.e. if there are 'email' and 'preferred_email' claims available, by default Dex will always use the 'email' claim independent of the ClaimMapping.EmailKey. This setting allows you to override the default behavior of Dex and enforce the mappings defined in 'claimMapping'. Defaults to false.
- `prompt_type` (String) PromptType will be used fot the prompt parameter (when offline_access, by default prompt=consent).
- `scopes` (List of String) Scopes is an optional list of scopes to request. If omitted, defaults to 'profile' and 'email'.
- `user_id_key` (String) UserIDKey is the claim key to use for the user ID (default sub).
- `user_name_key` (String) UserNameKey is the claim key to use for the username (default name).

<a id="nestedatt--spec--connectors--oidc--client_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.connectors.oidc.client_secret_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the secret.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--connectors--oidc--ca_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.connectors.oidc.ca_secret_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the secret.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--connectors--oidc--claim_mapping"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.connectors.oidc.claim_mapping`

Optional:

- `email` (String) EmailKey is the key which contains the email claims, defaults to 'email'.
- `groups` (String) GroupsKey is the key which contains the groups claims, defaults to 'groups'.
- `preferred_username` (String) PreferredUsernameKey is the key which contains the preferred username claims, defaults to 'preferred_username'.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--expiry"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.expiry`

Optional:

- `auth_requests` (String) AuthRequests defines the duration of time for which the AuthRequests will be valid.
- `device_requests` (String) DeviceRequests defines the duration of time for which the DeviceRequests will be valid.
- `id_tokens` (String) IDTokens defines the duration of time for which the IdTokens will be valid.
- `refresh_tokens` (Attributes) RefreshTokens defines refresh tokens expiry policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--expiry--refresh_tokens))
- `signing_keys` (String) SigningKeys defines the duration of time after which the SigningKeys will be rotated.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--expiry--refresh_tokens"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.expiry.refresh_tokens`

Optional:

- `absolute_lifetime` (String) AbsoluteLifetime defines the duration of time after which a refresh token will expire.
- `disable_rotation` (Boolean) DisableRotation disables refresh token rotation.
- `reuse_interval` (String) ReuseInterval defines the duration of time after which a refresh token can be reused.
- `valid_if_not_used_for` (String) ValidIfNotUsedFor defines the duration of time after which a refresh token will expire if not used.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--frontend"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.frontend`

Optional:

- `dir` (String) Dir is a file path to static web assets.  It is expected to contain the following directories: * static - Static static served at '( issuer URL )/static'. * templates - HTML templates controlled by dex. * themes/(theme) - Static static served at '( issuer URL )/theme'.
- `issuer` (String) Issuer is the name of the issuer, used in the HTML templates. Defaults to 'dex'.
- `logo_url` (String) LogoURL is the URL of the logo to use in the HTML templates. Defaults to '( issuer URL )/theme/logo.png'
- `theme` (String) Theme is the name of the theme to use. Defaults to 'light'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--ingress"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ingress`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled enables ingress for the Dex identity provider.
- `hosts` (Attributes List) Hosts is a list of hosts and paths to route traffic to the Dex identity provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ingress--hosts))

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations is an optional map of additional annotations to add to the ingress.
- `ingress_class_name` (String) IngressClassName is the optional ingress class to use for the Dex identity provider.
- `tls` (Attributes List) TLS is an optional list of TLS configurations for the ingress. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ingress--tls))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--ingress--hosts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ingress.hosts`

Required:

- `host` (String) Host is the host to route traffic to the Dex identity provider.
- `paths` (Attributes List) Paths is a list of paths to route traffic to the Dex identity provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ingress--hosts--paths))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--ingress--hosts--paths"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ingress.hosts.paths`

Required:

- `path` (String) Path is matched against the path of an incoming request.
- `path_type` (String) PathType determines the interpretation of the Path matching.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--ingress--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ingress.tls`

Optional:

- `hosts` (List of String) hosts is a list of hosts included in the TLS certificate. The values in this list must match the name/s used in the tlsSecret. Defaults to the wildcard host setting for the loadbalancer controller fulfilling this Ingress, if left unspecified.
- `secret_name` (String) secretName is the name of the secret used to terminate TLS traffic on port 443. Field is left optional to allow TLS routing based on SNI hostname alone. If the SNI host in a listener conflicts with the 'Host' header field used by an IngressRule, the SNI host is used for termination and value of the 'Host' header is used for routing.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--logger"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.logger`

Optional:

- `format` (String) Format specifies the format to be used for logging.
- `level` (String) Level sets logging level severity.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--metrics"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metrics`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled enables Prometheus metric scraping.
- `interval` (String) Interval at which metrics should be scraped If not specified Prometheus' global scrape interval is used.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--oauth2"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.oauth2`

Optional:

- `always_show_login_screen` (Boolean) AlwaysShowLoginScreen, if specified, show the connector selection screen even if there's only one.
- `grant_types` (List of String) GrantTypes is a list of allowed grant types, defaults to all supported types.
- `password_connector` (String) PasswordConnector is a specific connector to user for password grants.
- `response_types` (List of String) ResponseTypes is a list of allowed response types, defaults to all supported types.
- `skip_approval_screen` (Boolean) SkipApprovalScreen, if specified, do not prompt the user to approve client authorization. The act of logging in implies authorization.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims, that are used by this container.  This is an alpha field and requires enabling the DynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.  This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources.claims`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims of the Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource available inside a container.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume_claim_templates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume_claim_templates`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `metadata` (Attributes) Standard object's metadata. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume_claim_templates--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) spec defines the desired characteristics of a volume requested by a pod author. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#persistentvolumeclaims (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume_claim_templates--spec))
- `status` (Attributes) status represents the current information/status of a persistent volume claim. Read-only. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#persistentvolumeclaims (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume_claim_templates--status))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume_claim_templates--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume_claim_templates.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `finalizers` (List of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume_claim_templates--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume_claim_templates.spec`

Optional:

- `access_modes` (List of String) accessModes contains the desired access modes the volume should have. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#access-modes-1
- `data_source` (Attributes) dataSource field can be used to specify either: * An existing VolumeSnapshot object (snapshot.storage.k8s.io/VolumeSnapshot) * An existing PVC (PersistentVolumeClaim) If the provisioner or an external controller can support the specified data source, it will create a new volume based on the contents of the specified data source. When the AnyVolumeDataSource feature gate is enabled, dataSource contents will be copied to dataSourceRef, and dataSourceRef contents will be copied to dataSource when dataSourceRef.namespace is not specified. If the namespace is specified, then dataSourceRef will not be copied to dataSource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume_claim_templates--spec--data_source))
- `data_source_ref` (Attributes) dataSourceRef specifies the object from which to populate the volume with data, if a non-empty volume is desired. This may be any object from a non-empty API group (non core object) or a PersistentVolumeClaim object. When this field is specified, volume binding will only succeed if the type of the specified object matches some installed volume populator or dynamic provisioner. This field will replace the functionality of the dataSource field and as such if both fields are non-empty, they must have the same value. For backwards compatibility, when namespace isn't specified in dataSourceRef, both fields (dataSource and dataSourceRef) will be set to the same value automatically if one of them is empty and the other is non-empty. When namespace is specified in dataSourceRef, dataSource isn't set to the same value and must be empty. There are three important differences between dataSource and dataSourceRef: * While dataSource only allows two specific types of objects, dataSourceRef allows any non-core object, as well as PersistentVolumeClaim objects. * While dataSource ignores disallowed values (dropping them), dataSourceRef preserves all values, and generates an error if a disallowed value is specified. * While dataSource only allows local objects, dataSourceRef allows objects in any namespaces. (Beta) Using this field requires the AnyVolumeDataSource feature gate to be enabled. (Alpha) Using the namespace field of dataSourceRef requires the CrossNamespaceVolumeDataSource feature gate to be enabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume_claim_templates--spec--data_source_ref))
- `resources` (Attributes) resources represents the minimum resources the volume should have. If RecoverVolumeExpansionFailure feature is enabled users are allowed to specify resource requirements that are lower than previous value but must still be higher than capacity recorded in the status field of the claim. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#resources (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume_claim_templates--spec--resources))
- `selector` (Attributes) selector is a label query over volumes to consider for binding. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume_claim_templates--spec--selector))
- `storage_class_name` (String) storageClassName is the name of the StorageClass required by the claim. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#class-1
- `volume_mode` (String) volumeMode defines what type of volume is required by the claim. Value of Filesystem is implied when not included in claim spec.
- `volume_name` (String) volumeName is the binding reference to the PersistentVolume backing this claim.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume_claim_templates--spec--data_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume_claim_templates.spec.data_source`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind is the type of resource being referenced
- `name` (String) Name is the name of resource being referenced

Optional:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup is the group for the resource being referenced. If APIGroup is not specified, the specified Kind must be in the core API group. For any other third-party types, APIGroup is required.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume_claim_templates--spec--data_source_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume_claim_templates.spec.data_source_ref`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind is the type of resource being referenced
- `name` (String) Name is the name of resource being referenced

Optional:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup is the group for the resource being referenced. If APIGroup is not specified, the specified Kind must be in the core API group. For any other third-party types, APIGroup is required.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of resource being referenced Note that when a namespace is specified, a gateway.networking.k8s.io/ReferenceGrant object is required in the referent namespace to allow that namespace's owner to accept the reference. See the ReferenceGrant documentation for details. (Alpha) This field requires the CrossNamespaceVolumeDataSource feature gate to be enabled.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume_claim_templates--spec--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume_claim_templates.spec.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims, that are used by this container.  This is an alpha field and requires enabling the DynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.  This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume_claim_templates--spec--volume_name--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume_claim_templates--spec--volume_name--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume_claim_templates.spec.volume_name.claims`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims of the Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource available inside a container.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume_claim_templates--spec--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume_claim_templates.spec.selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume_claim_templates--spec--volume_name--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume_claim_templates--spec--volume_name--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume_claim_templates.spec.volume_name.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume_claim_templates--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume_claim_templates.status`

Optional:

- `access_modes` (List of String) accessModes contains the actual access modes the volume backing the PVC has. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#access-modes-1
- `allocated_resource_statuses` (Map of String) allocatedResourceStatuses stores status of resource being resized for the given PVC. Key names follow standard Kubernetes label syntax. Valid values are either: * Un-prefixed keys: - storage - the capacity of the volume. * Custom resources must use implementation-defined prefixed names such as 'example.com/my-custom-resource' Apart from above values - keys that are unprefixed or have kubernetes.io prefix are considered reserved and hence may not be used.  ClaimResourceStatus can be in any of following states: - ControllerResizeInProgress: State set when resize controller starts resizing the volume in control-plane. - ControllerResizeFailed: State set when resize has failed in resize controller with a terminal error. - NodeResizePending: State set when resize controller has finished resizing the volume but further resizing of volume is needed on the node. - NodeResizeInProgress: State set when kubelet starts resizing the volume. - NodeResizeFailed: State set when resizing has failed in kubelet with a terminal error. Transient errors don't set NodeResizeFailed. For example: if expanding a PVC for more capacity - this field can be one of the following states: - pvc.status.allocatedResourceStatus['storage'] = 'ControllerResizeInProgress' - pvc.status.allocatedResourceStatus['storage'] = 'ControllerResizeFailed' - pvc.status.allocatedResourceStatus['storage'] = 'NodeResizePending' - pvc.status.allocatedResourceStatus['storage'] = 'NodeResizeInProgress' - pvc.status.allocatedResourceStatus['storage'] = 'NodeResizeFailed' When this field is not set, it means that no resize operation is in progress for the given PVC.  A controller that receives PVC update with previously unknown resourceName or ClaimResourceStatus should ignore the update for the purpose it was designed. For example - a controller that only is responsible for resizing capacity of the volume, should ignore PVC updates that change other valid resources associated with PVC.  This is an alpha field and requires enabling RecoverVolumeExpansionFailure feature.
- `allocated_resources` (Map of String) allocatedResources tracks the resources allocated to a PVC including its capacity. Key names follow standard Kubernetes label syntax. Valid values are either: * Un-prefixed keys: - storage - the capacity of the volume. * Custom resources must use implementation-defined prefixed names such as 'example.com/my-custom-resource' Apart from above values - keys that are unprefixed or have kubernetes.io prefix are considered reserved and hence may not be used.  Capacity reported here may be larger than the actual capacity when a volume expansion operation is requested. For storage quota, the larger value from allocatedResources and PVC.spec.resources is used. If allocatedResources is not set, PVC.spec.resources alone is used for quota calculation. If a volume expansion capacity request is lowered, allocatedResources is only lowered if there are no expansion operations in progress and if the actual volume capacity is equal or lower than the requested capacity.  A controller that receives PVC update with previously unknown resourceName should ignore the update for the purpose it was designed. For example - a controller that only is responsible for resizing capacity of the volume, should ignore PVC updates that change other valid resources associated with PVC.  This is an alpha field and requires enabling RecoverVolumeExpansionFailure feature.
- `capacity` (Map of String) capacity represents the actual resources of the underlying volume.
- `conditions` (Attributes List) conditions is the current Condition of persistent volume claim. If underlying persistent volume is being resized then the Condition will be set to 'ResizeStarted'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume_claim_templates--status--conditions))
- `phase` (String) phase represents the current phase of PersistentVolumeClaim.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume_claim_templates--status--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume_claim_templates.status.conditions`

Required:

- `status` (String)
- `type` (String) PersistentVolumeClaimConditionType is a valid value of PersistentVolumeClaimCondition.Type

Optional:

- `last_probe_time` (String) lastProbeTime is the time we probed the condition.
- `last_transition_time` (String) lastTransitionTime is the time the condition transitioned from one status to another.
- `message` (String) message is the human-readable message indicating details about last transition.
- `reason` (String) reason is a unique, this should be a short, machine understandable string that gives the reason for condition's last transition. If it reports 'ResizeStarted' that means the underlying persistent volume is being resized.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume_mounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume_mounts`

Required:

- `mount_path` (String) Path within the container at which the volume should be mounted.  Must not contain ':'.
- `name` (String) This must match the Name of a Volume.

Optional:

- `mount_propagation` (String) mountPropagation determines how mounts are propagated from the host to container and the other way around. When not set, MountPropagationNone is used. This field is beta in 1.10.
- `read_only` (Boolean) Mounted read-only if true, read-write otherwise (false or unspecified). Defaults to false.
- `sub_path` (String) Path within the volume from which the container's volume should be mounted. Defaults to '' (volume's root).
- `sub_path_expr` (String) Expanded path within the volume from which the container's volume should be mounted. Behaves similarly to SubPath but environment variable references $(VAR_NAME) are expanded using the container's environment. Defaults to '' (volume's root). SubPathExpr and SubPath are mutually exclusive.
