---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_dex_gpu_ninja_com_dex_o_auth2_client_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "dex.gpu-ninja.com"
description: |-
  DexOAuth2Client is an OAuth2 client registered with Dex.
---

# k8s_dex_gpu_ninja_com_dex_o_auth2_client_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

DexOAuth2Client is an OAuth2 client registered with Dex.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_dex_gpu_ninja_com_dex_o_auth2_client_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) DexOAuth2ClientSpec defines the desired state of the OAuth2 client. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `identity_provider_ref` (Attributes) IdentityProviderRef is a reference to the identity provider which this client is associated with. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--identity_provider_ref))
- `secret_name` (String) SecretName is the name of the secret that will be created to store the OAuth2 client id and client secret.

Optional:

- `logo_url` (String) LogoURL is the URL to a logo for the client.
- `name` (String) Name is the human-readable name of the client.
- `public` (Boolean) Public indicates that this client is a public client, such as a mobile app. Public clients must use either use a redirectURL 127.0.0.1:X or 'urn:ietf:wg:oauth:2.0:oob'.
- `redirect_ur_is` (List of String) RedirectURIs is a list of allowed redirect URLs for the client.
- `trusted_peers` (List of String) TrustedPeers are a list of peers which can issue tokens on this client's behalf using the dynamic 'oauth2:server:client_id:(client_id)' scope. If a peer makes such a request, this client's ID will appear as the ID Token's audience.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--identity_provider_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.identity_provider_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the referenced DexIdentityProvider.

Optional:

- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the optional namespace of the referenced DexIdentityProvider.
