---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_efs_services_k8s_aws_file_system_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "efs.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  FileSystem is the Schema for the FileSystems API
---

# k8s_efs_services_k8s_aws_file_system_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

FileSystem is the Schema for the FileSystems API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_efs_services_k8s_aws_file_system_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) FileSystemSpec defines the desired state of FileSystem. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `availability_zone_name` (String) Used to create a One Zone file system. It specifies the Amazon Web ServicesAvailability Zone in which to create the file system. Use the format us-east-1ato specify the Availability Zone. For more information about One Zone filesystems, see Using EFS storage classes (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/efs/latest/ug/storage-classes.html)in the Amazon EFS User Guide.One Zone file systems are not available in all Availability Zones in AmazonWeb Services Regions where Amazon EFS is available.
- `backup` (Boolean) Specifies whether automatic backups are enabled on the file system that youare creating. Set the value to true to enable automatic backups. If you arecreating a One Zone file system, automatic backups are enabled by default.For more information, see Automatic backups (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/efs/latest/ug/awsbackup.html#automatic-backups)in the Amazon EFS User Guide.Default is false. However, if you specify an AvailabilityZoneName, the defaultis true.Backup is not available in all Amazon Web Services Regions where Amazon EFSis available.
- `backup_policy` (Attributes) The backup policy included in the PutBackupPolicy request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--backup_policy))
- `encrypted` (Boolean) A Boolean value that, if true, creates an encrypted file system. When creatingan encrypted file system, you have the option of specifying an existing KeyManagement Service key (KMS key). If you don't specify a KMS key, then thedefault KMS key for Amazon EFS, /aws/elasticfilesystem, is used to protectthe encrypted file system.
- `file_system_protection` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--file_system_protection))
- `kms_key_id` (String) The ID of the KMS key that you want to use to protect the encrypted filesystem. This parameter is required only if you want to use a non-defaultKMS key. If this parameter is not specified, the default KMS key for AmazonEFS is used. You can specify a KMS key ID using the following formats:   * Key ID - A unique identifier of the key, for example 1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab.   * ARN - An Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the key, for example arn:aws:kms:us-west-2:111122223333:key/1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab.   * Key alias - A previously created display name for a key, for example   alias/projectKey1.   * Key alias ARN - An ARN for a key alias, for example arn:aws:kms:us-west-2:444455556666:alias/projectKey1.If you use KmsKeyId, you must set the CreateFileSystemRequest$Encrypted parameterto true.EFS accepts only symmetric KMS keys. You cannot use asymmetric KMS keys withAmazon EFS file systems.
- `kms_key_ref` (Attributes) AWSResourceReferenceWrapper provides a wrapper around *AWSResourceReferencetype to provide more user friendly syntax for references using 'from' fieldEx:APIIDRef:	from:	  name: my-api (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--kms_key_ref))
- `lifecycle_policies` (Attributes List) An array of LifecyclePolicy objects that define the file system's LifecycleConfigurationobject. A LifecycleConfiguration object informs EFS Lifecycle managementof the following:   * TransitionToIA – When to move files in the file system from primary   storage (Standard storage class) into the Infrequent Access (IA) storage.   * TransitionToArchive – When to move files in the file system from their   current storage class (either IA or Standard storage) into the Archive   storage. File systems cannot transition into Archive storage before transitioning   into IA storage. Therefore, TransitionToArchive must either not be set   or must be later than TransitionToIA. The Archive storage class is available   only for file systems that use the Elastic Throughput mode and the General   Purpose Performance mode.   * TransitionToPrimaryStorageClass – Whether to move files in the file   system back to primary storage (Standard storage class) after they are   accessed in IA or Archive storage.When using the put-lifecycle-configuration CLI command or the PutLifecycleConfigurationAPI action, Amazon EFS requires that each LifecyclePolicy object have onlya single transition. This means that in a request body, LifecyclePoliciesmust be structured as an array of LifecyclePolicy objects, one object foreach storage transition. See the example requests in the following sectionfor more information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--lifecycle_policies))
- `performance_mode` (String) The Performance mode of the file system. We recommend generalPurpose performancemode for all file systems. File systems using the maxIO performance modecan scale to higher levels of aggregate throughput and operations per secondwith a tradeoff of slightly higher latencies for most file operations. Theperformance mode can't be changed after the file system has been created.The maxIO mode is not supported on One Zone file systems.Due to the higher per-operation latencies with Max I/O, we recommend usingGeneral Purpose performance mode for all file systems.Default is generalPurpose.
- `policy` (String) The FileSystemPolicy that you're creating. Accepts a JSON formatted policydefinition. EFS file system policies have a 20,000 character limit. To findout more about the elements that make up a file system policy, see EFS Resource-basedPolicies (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/efs/latest/ug/access-control-overview.html#access-control-manage-access-intro-resource-policies).
- `provisioned_throughput_in_mi_bps` (Number) The throughput, measured in mebibytes per second (MiBps), that you want toprovision for a file system that you're creating. Required if ThroughputModeis set to provisioned. Valid values are 1-3414 MiBps, with the upper limitdepending on Region. To increase this limit, contact Amazon Web ServicesSupport. For more information, see Amazon EFS quotas that you can increase(https://docs.aws.amazon.com/efs/latest/ug/limits.html#soft-limits) in theAmazon EFS User Guide.
- `tags` (Attributes List) Use to create one or more tags associated with the file system. Each tagis a user-defined key-value pair. Name your file system on creation by includinga 'Key':'Name','Value':'{value}' key-value pair. Each key must be unique.For more information, see Tagging Amazon Web Services resources (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/aws_tagging.html)in the Amazon Web Services General Reference Guide. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tags))
- `throughput_mode` (String) Specifies the throughput mode for the file system. The mode can be bursting,provisioned, or elastic. If you set ThroughputMode to provisioned, you mustalso set a value for ProvisionedThroughputInMibps. After you create the filesystem, you can decrease your file system's Provisioned throughput or changebetween the throughput modes, with certain time restrictions. For more information,see Specifying throughput with provisioned mode (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/efs/latest/ug/performance.html#provisioned-throughput)in the Amazon EFS User Guide.Default is bursting.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--backup_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.backup_policy`

Optional:

- `status` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--file_system_protection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.file_system_protection`

Optional:

- `replication_overwrite_protection` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--kms_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.kms_key_ref`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference anotherk8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--kms_key_ref--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--kms_key_ref--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.kms_key_ref.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--lifecycle_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.lifecycle_policies`

Optional:

- `transition_to_archive` (String)
- `transition_to_ia` (String)
- `transition_to_primary_storage_class` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)
