---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_efs_services_k8s_aws_mount_target_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "efs.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  MountTarget is the Schema for the MountTargets API
---

# k8s_efs_services_k8s_aws_mount_target_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

MountTarget is the Schema for the MountTargets API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_efs_services_k8s_aws_mount_target_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) MountTargetSpec defines the desired state of MountTarget. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `file_system_id` (String) The ID of the file system for which to create the mount target.
- `file_system_ref` (Attributes) AWSResourceReferenceWrapper provides a wrapper around *AWSResourceReference type to provide more user friendly syntax for references using 'from' field Ex: APIIDRef: from: name: my-api (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--file_system_ref))
- `ip_address` (String) Valid IPv4 address within the address range of the specified subnet.
- `security_group_refs` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security_group_refs))
- `security_groups` (List of String) Up to five VPC security group IDs, of the form sg-xxxxxxxx. These must be for the same VPC as subnet specified.
- `subnet_id` (String) The ID of the subnet to add the mount target in. For One Zone file systems, use the subnet that is associated with the file system's Availability Zone.
- `subnet_ref` (Attributes) AWSResourceReferenceWrapper provides a wrapper around *AWSResourceReference type to provide more user friendly syntax for references using 'from' field Ex: APIIDRef: from: name: my-api (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--subnet_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--file_system_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.file_system_ref`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference another k8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--file_system_ref--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--file_system_ref--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.file_system_ref.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--security_group_refs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security_group_refs`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference another k8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security_group_refs--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--security_group_refs--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security_group_refs.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--subnet_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.subnet_ref`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference another k8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--subnet_ref--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--subnet_ref--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.subnet_ref.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)
