---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_eks_services_k8s_aws_nodegroup_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "eks.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  Nodegroup is the Schema for the Nodegroups API
---

# k8s_eks_services_k8s_aws_nodegroup_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

Nodegroup is the Schema for the Nodegroups API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_eks_services_k8s_aws_nodegroup_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) NodegroupSpec defines the desired state of Nodegroup.An object representing an Amazon EKS managed node group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `name` (String) The unique name to give your node group.

Optional:

- `ami_type` (String) The AMI type for your node group. If you specify launchTemplate, and yourlaunch template uses a custom AMI, then don't specify amiType, or the nodegroup deployment will fail. If your launch template uses a Windows customAMI, then add eks:kube-proxy-windows to your Windows nodes rolearn in theaws-auth ConfigMap. For more information about using launch templates withAmazon EKS, see Launch template support (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/launch-templates.html)in the Amazon EKS User Guide.
- `capacity_type` (String) The capacity type for your node group.
- `client_request_token` (String) A unique, case-sensitive identifier that you provide to ensure the idempotencyof the request.
- `cluster_name` (String) The name of your cluster.
- `cluster_ref` (Attributes) AWSResourceReferenceWrapper provides a wrapper around *AWSResourceReferencetype to provide more user friendly syntax for references using 'from' fieldEx:APIIDRef:	from:	  name: my-api (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_ref))
- `disk_size` (Number) The root device disk size (in GiB) for your node group instances. The defaultdisk size is 20 GiB for Linux and Bottlerocket. The default disk size is50 GiB for Windows. If you specify launchTemplate, then don't specify diskSize,or the node group deployment will fail. For more information about usinglaunch templates with Amazon EKS, see Launch template support (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/launch-templates.html)in the Amazon EKS User Guide.
- `instance_types` (List of String) Specify the instance types for a node group. If you specify a GPU instancetype, make sure to also specify an applicable GPU AMI type with the amiTypeparameter. If you specify launchTemplate, then you can specify zero or oneinstance type in your launch template or you can specify 0-20 instance typesfor instanceTypes. If however, you specify an instance type in your launchtemplate and specify any instanceTypes, the node group deployment will fail.If you don't specify an instance type in a launch template or for instanceTypes,then t3.medium is used, by default. If you specify Spot for capacityType,then we recommend specifying multiple values for instanceTypes. For moreinformation, see Managed node group capacity types (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/managed-node-groups.html#managed-node-group-capacity-types)and Launch template support (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/launch-templates.html)in the Amazon EKS User Guide.
- `labels` (Map of String) The Kubernetes labels to apply to the nodes in the node group when they arecreated.
- `launch_template` (Attributes) An object representing a node group's launch template specification. If specified,then do not specify instanceTypes, diskSize, or remoteAccess and make surethat the launch template meets the requirements in launchTemplateSpecification. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--launch_template))
- `node_role` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IAM role to associate with your nodegroup. The Amazon EKS worker node kubelet daemon makes calls to Amazon WebServices APIs on your behalf. Nodes receive permissions for these API callsthrough an IAM instance profile and associated policies. Before you can launchnodes and register them into a cluster, you must create an IAM role for thosenodes to use when they are launched. For more information, see Amazon EKSnode IAM role (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/create-node-role.html)in the Amazon EKS User Guide . If you specify launchTemplate, then don'tspecify IamInstanceProfile (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/APIReference/API_IamInstanceProfile.html)in your launch template, or the node group deployment will fail. For moreinformation about using launch templates with Amazon EKS, see Launch templatesupport (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/launch-templates.html)in the Amazon EKS User Guide.
- `node_role_ref` (Attributes) AWSResourceReferenceWrapper provides a wrapper around *AWSResourceReferencetype to provide more user friendly syntax for references using 'from' fieldEx:APIIDRef:	from:	  name: my-api (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--node_role_ref))
- `release_version` (String) The AMI version of the Amazon EKS optimized AMI to use with your node group.By default, the latest available AMI version for the node group's currentKubernetes version is used. For information about Linux versions, see AmazonEKS optimized Amazon Linux AMI versions (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/eks-linux-ami-versions.html)in the Amazon EKS User Guide. Amazon EKS managed node groups support theNovember 2022 and later releases of the Windows AMIs. For information aboutWindows versions, see Amazon EKS optimized Windows AMI versions (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/eks-ami-versions-windows.html)in the Amazon EKS User Guide.If you specify launchTemplate, and your launch template uses a custom AMI,then don't specify releaseVersion, or the node group deployment will fail.For more information about using launch templates with Amazon EKS, see Launchtemplate support (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/launch-templates.html)in the Amazon EKS User Guide.
- `remote_access` (Attributes) The remote access configuration to use with your node group. For Linux, theprotocol is SSH. For Windows, the protocol is RDP. If you specify launchTemplate,then don't specify remoteAccess, or the node group deployment will fail.For more information about using launch templates with Amazon EKS, see Launchtemplate support (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/launch-templates.html)in the Amazon EKS User Guide. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--remote_access))
- `scaling_config` (Attributes) The scaling configuration details for the Auto Scaling group that is createdfor your node group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scaling_config))
- `subnet_refs` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--subnet_refs))
- `subnets` (List of String) The subnets to use for the Auto Scaling group that is created for your nodegroup. If you specify launchTemplate, then don't specify SubnetId (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/APIReference/API_CreateNetworkInterface.html)in your launch template, or the node group deployment will fail. For moreinformation about using launch templates with Amazon EKS, see Launch templatesupport (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/launch-templates.html)in the Amazon EKS User Guide.
- `tags` (Map of String) Metadata that assists with categorization and organization. Each tag consistsof a key and an optional value. You define both. Tags don't propagate toany other cluster or Amazon Web Services resources.
- `taints` (Attributes List) The Kubernetes taints to be applied to the nodes in the node group. For moreinformation, see Node taints on managed node groups (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/node-taints-managed-node-groups.html). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--taints))
- `update_config` (Attributes) The node group update configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--update_config))
- `version` (String) The Kubernetes version to use for your managed nodes. By default, the Kubernetesversion of the cluster is used, and this is the only accepted specified value.If you specify launchTemplate, and your launch template uses a custom AMI,then don't specify version, or the node group deployment will fail. For moreinformation about using launch templates with Amazon EKS, see Launch templatesupport (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/launch-templates.html)in the Amazon EKS User Guide.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_ref`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference anotherk8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_ref--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_ref--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_ref.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--launch_template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.launch_template`

Optional:

- `id` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `version` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--node_role_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.node_role_ref`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference anotherk8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--node_role_ref--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--node_role_ref--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.node_role_ref.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--remote_access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.remote_access`

Optional:

- `ec2_ssh_key` (String)
- `source_security_group_refs` (Attributes List) Reference field for SourceSecurityGroups (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--remote_access--source_security_group_refs))
- `source_security_groups` (List of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--remote_access--source_security_group_refs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.remote_access.source_security_group_refs`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference anotherk8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--remote_access--source_security_group_refs--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--remote_access--source_security_group_refs--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.remote_access.source_security_group_refs.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--spec--scaling_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scaling_config`

Optional:

- `desired_size` (Number)
- `max_size` (Number)
- `min_size` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--subnet_refs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.subnet_refs`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference anotherk8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--subnet_refs--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--subnet_refs--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.subnet_refs.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--taints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.taints`

Optional:

- `effect` (String)
- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--update_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.update_config`

Optional:

- `max_unavailable` (Number)
- `max_unavailable_percentage` (Number)
