---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_eks_services_k8s_aws_addon_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "eks.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  Addon is the Schema for the Addons API
---

# k8s_eks_services_k8s_aws_addon_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

Addon is the Schema for the Addons API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_eks_services_k8s_aws_addon_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) AddonSpec defines the desired state of Addon.An Amazon EKS add-on. For more information, see Amazon EKS add-ons (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/eks-add-ons.html)in the Amazon EKS User Guide. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the add-on. The name must match one of the names returned byDescribeAddonVersions.

Optional:

- `addon_version` (String) The version of the add-on. The version must match one of the versions returnedby DescribeAddonVersions (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/APIReference/API_DescribeAddonVersions.html).
- `client_request_token` (String) A unique, case-sensitive identifier that you provide to ensure the idempotencyof the request.
- `cluster_name` (String) The name of your cluster.
- `cluster_ref` (Attributes) AWSResourceReferenceWrapper provides a wrapper around *AWSResourceReferencetype to provide more user friendly syntax for references using 'from' fieldEx:APIIDRef:	from:	  name: my-api (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_ref))
- `configuration_values` (String) The set of configuration values for the add-on that's created. The valuesthat you provide are validated against the schema returned by DescribeAddonConfiguration.
- `resolve_conflicts` (String) How to resolve field value conflicts for an Amazon EKS add-on. Conflictsare handled based on the value you choose:   * None – If the self-managed version of the add-on is installed on your   cluster, Amazon EKS doesn't change the value. Creation of the add-on might   fail.   * Overwrite – If the self-managed version of the add-on is installed   on your cluster and the Amazon EKS default value is different than the   existing value, Amazon EKS changes the value to the Amazon EKS default   value.   * Preserve – This is similar to the NONE option. If the self-managed   version of the add-on is installed on your cluster Amazon EKS doesn't   change the add-on resource properties. Creation of the add-on might fail   if conflicts are detected. This option works differently during the update   operation. For more information, see UpdateAddon (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/APIReference/API_UpdateAddon.html).If you don't currently have the self-managed version of the add-on installedon your cluster, the Amazon EKS add-on is installed. Amazon EKS sets allvalues to default values, regardless of the option that you specify.
- `service_account_role_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of an existing IAM role to bind to the add-on'sservice account. The role must be assigned the IAM permissions required bythe add-on. If you don't specify an existing IAM role, then the add-on usesthe permissions assigned to the node IAM role. For more information, seeAmazon EKS node IAM role (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/create-node-role.html)in the Amazon EKS User Guide.To specify an existing IAM role, you must have an IAM OpenID Connect (OIDC)provider created for your cluster. For more information, see Enabling IAMroles for service accounts on your cluster (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/enable-iam-roles-for-service-accounts.html)in the Amazon EKS User Guide.
- `service_account_role_ref` (Attributes) AWSResourceReferenceWrapper provides a wrapper around *AWSResourceReferencetype to provide more user friendly syntax for references using 'from' fieldEx:APIIDRef:	from:	  name: my-api (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--service_account_role_ref))
- `tags` (Map of String) Metadata that assists with categorization and organization. Each tag consistsof a key and an optional value. You define both. Tags don't propagate toany other cluster or Amazon Web Services resources.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_ref`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference anotherk8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_ref--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_ref--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_ref.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--service_account_role_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.service_account_role_ref`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference anotherk8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--service_account_role_ref--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--service_account_role_ref--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.service_account_role_ref.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)
