---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_eks_services_k8s_aws_nodegroup_v1alpha1 Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "eks.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  Nodegroup is the Schema for the Nodegroups API
---

# k8s_eks_services_k8s_aws_nodegroup_v1alpha1 (Data Source)

Nodegroup is the Schema for the Nodegroups API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_eks_services_k8s_aws_nodegroup_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `spec` (Attributes) NodegroupSpec defines the desired state of Nodegroup.  An object representing an Amazon EKS managed node group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Read-Only:

- `ami_type` (String) The AMI type for your node group. If you specify launchTemplate, and your launch template uses a custom AMI, then don't specify amiType, or the node group deployment will fail. If your launch template uses a Windows custom AMI, then add eks:kube-proxy-windows to your Windows nodes rolearn in the aws-auth ConfigMap. For more information about using launch templates with Amazon EKS, see Launch template support (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/launch-templates.html) in the Amazon EKS User Guide.
- `capacity_type` (String) The capacity type for your node group.
- `client_request_token` (String) Unique, case-sensitive identifier that you provide to ensure the idempotency of the request.
- `cluster_name` (String) The name of the cluster to create the node group in.
- `cluster_ref` (Attributes) AWSResourceReferenceWrapper provides a wrapper around *AWSResourceReference type to provide more user friendly syntax for references using 'from' field Ex: APIIDRef:  from: name: my-api (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_ref))
- `disk_size` (Number) The root device disk size (in GiB) for your node group instances. The default disk size is 20 GiB for Linux and Bottlerocket. The default disk size is 50 GiB for Windows. If you specify launchTemplate, then don't specify diskSize, or the node group deployment will fail. For more information about using launch templates with Amazon EKS, see Launch template support (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/launch-templates.html) in the Amazon EKS User Guide.
- `instance_types` (List of String) Specify the instance types for a node group. If you specify a GPU instance type, make sure to also specify an applicable GPU AMI type with the amiType parameter. If you specify launchTemplate, then you can specify zero or one instance type in your launch template or you can specify 0-20 instance types for instanceTypes. If however, you specify an instance type in your launch template and specify any instanceTypes, the node group deployment will fail. If you don't specify an instance type in a launch template or for instanceTypes, then t3.medium is used, by default. If you specify Spot for capacityType, then we recommend specifying multiple values for instanceTypes. For more information, see Managed node group capacity types (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/managed-node-groups.html#managed-node-group-capacity-types) and Launch template support (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/launch-templates.html) in the Amazon EKS User Guide.
- `labels` (Map of String) The Kubernetes labels to be applied to the nodes in the node group when they are created.
- `launch_template` (Attributes) An object representing a node group's launch template specification. If specified, then do not specify instanceTypes, diskSize, or remoteAccess and make sure that the launch template meets the requirements in launchTemplateSpecification. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--launch_template))
- `name` (String) The unique name to give your node group.
- `node_role` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IAM role to associate with your node group. The Amazon EKS worker node kubelet daemon makes calls to Amazon Web Services APIs on your behalf. Nodes receive permissions for these API calls through an IAM instance profile and associated policies. Before you can launch nodes and register them into a cluster, you must create an IAM role for those nodes to use when they are launched. For more information, see Amazon EKS node IAM role (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/create-node-role.html) in the Amazon EKS User Guide . If you specify launchTemplate, then don't specify IamInstanceProfile (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/APIReference/API_IamInstanceProfile.html) in your launch template, or the node group deployment will fail. For more information about using launch templates with Amazon EKS, see Launch template support (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/launch-templates.html) in the Amazon EKS User Guide.
- `node_role_ref` (Attributes) AWSResourceReferenceWrapper provides a wrapper around *AWSResourceReference type to provide more user friendly syntax for references using 'from' field Ex: APIIDRef:  from: name: my-api (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--node_role_ref))
- `release_version` (String) The AMI version of the Amazon EKS optimized AMI to use with your node group. By default, the latest available AMI version for the node group's current Kubernetes version is used. For information about Linux versions, see Amazon EKS optimized Amazon Linux AMI versions (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/eks-linux-ami-versions.html) in the Amazon EKS User Guide. Amazon EKS managed node groups support the November 2022 and later releases of the Windows AMIs. For information about Windows versions, see Amazon EKS optimized Windows AMI versions (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/eks-ami-versions-windows.html) in the Amazon EKS User Guide.  If you specify launchTemplate, and your launch template uses a custom AMI, then don't specify releaseVersion, or the node group deployment will fail. For more information about using launch templates with Amazon EKS, see Launch template support (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/launch-templates.html) in the Amazon EKS User Guide.
- `remote_access` (Attributes) The remote access configuration to use with your node group. For Linux, the protocol is SSH. For Windows, the protocol is RDP. If you specify launchTemplate, then don't specify remoteAccess, or the node group deployment will fail. For more information about using launch templates with Amazon EKS, see Launch template support (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/launch-templates.html) in the Amazon EKS User Guide. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--remote_access))
- `scaling_config` (Attributes) The scaling configuration details for the Auto Scaling group that is created for your node group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scaling_config))
- `subnet_refs` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--subnet_refs))
- `subnets` (List of String) The subnets to use for the Auto Scaling group that is created for your node group. If you specify launchTemplate, then don't specify SubnetId (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/APIReference/API_CreateNetworkInterface.html) in your launch template, or the node group deployment will fail. For more information about using launch templates with Amazon EKS, see Launch template support (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/launch-templates.html) in the Amazon EKS User Guide.
- `tags` (Map of String) The metadata to apply to the node group to assist with categorization and organization. Each tag consists of a key and an optional value. You define both. Node group tags do not propagate to any other resources associated with the node group, such as the Amazon EC2 instances or subnets.
- `taints` (Attributes List) The Kubernetes taints to be applied to the nodes in the node group. For more information, see Node taints on managed node groups (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/node-taints-managed-node-groups.html). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--taints))
- `update_config` (Attributes) The node group update configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--update_config))
- `version` (String) The Kubernetes version to use for your managed nodes. By default, the Kubernetes version of the cluster is used, and this is the only accepted specified value. If you specify launchTemplate, and your launch template uses a custom AMI, then don't specify version, or the node group deployment will fail. For more information about using launch templates with Amazon EKS, see Launch template support (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/launch-templates.html) in the Amazon EKS User Guide.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_ref`

Read-Only:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference another k8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_ref--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_ref--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_ref.from`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--launch_template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.launch_template`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `version` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--node_role_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.node_role_ref`

Read-Only:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference another k8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--node_role_ref--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--node_role_ref--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.node_role_ref.from`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--remote_access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.remote_access`

Read-Only:

- `ec2_ssh_key` (String)
- `source_security_group_refs` (Attributes List) Reference field for SourceSecurityGroups (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--remote_access--source_security_group_refs))
- `source_security_groups` (List of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--remote_access--source_security_group_refs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.remote_access.source_security_group_refs`

Read-Only:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference another k8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--remote_access--source_security_group_refs--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--remote_access--source_security_group_refs--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.remote_access.source_security_group_refs.from`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--spec--scaling_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scaling_config`

Read-Only:

- `desired_size` (Number)
- `max_size` (Number)
- `min_size` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--subnet_refs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.subnet_refs`

Read-Only:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference another k8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--subnet_refs--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--subnet_refs--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.subnet_refs.from`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--taints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.taints`

Read-Only:

- `effect` (String)
- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--update_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.update_config`

Read-Only:

- `max_unavailable` (Number)
- `max_unavailable_percentage` (Number)
