---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_eks_services_k8s_aws_cluster_v1alpha1 Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "eks.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  Cluster is the Schema for the Clusters API
---

# k8s_eks_services_k8s_aws_cluster_v1alpha1 (Data Source)

Cluster is the Schema for the Clusters API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_eks_services_k8s_aws_cluster_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) The API group of the requested resource.
- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `kind` (String) The type of the requested resource.
- `spec` (Attributes) ClusterSpec defines the desired state of Cluster.  An object representing an Amazon EKS cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Read-Only:

- `client_request_token` (String) Unique, case-sensitive identifier that you provide to ensure the idempotency of the request.
- `encryption_config` (Attributes List) The encryption configuration for the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--encryption_config))
- `kubernetes_network_config` (Attributes) The Kubernetes network configuration for the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--kubernetes_network_config))
- `logging` (Attributes) Enable or disable exporting the Kubernetes control plane logs for your cluster to CloudWatch Logs. By default, cluster control plane logs aren't exported to CloudWatch Logs. For more information, see Amazon EKS Cluster control plane logs (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/control-plane-logs.html) in the Amazon EKS User Guide .  CloudWatch Logs ingestion, archive storage, and data scanning rates apply to exported control plane logs. For more information, see CloudWatch Pricing (http://aws.amazon.com/cloudwatch/pricing/). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--logging))
- `name` (String) The unique name to give to your cluster.
- `outpost_config` (Attributes) An object representing the configuration of your local Amazon EKS cluster on an Amazon Web Services Outpost. Before creating a local cluster on an Outpost, review Local clusters for Amazon EKS on Amazon Web Services Outposts (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/eks-outposts-local-cluster-overview.html) in the Amazon EKS User Guide. This object isn't available for creating Amazon EKS clusters on the Amazon Web Services cloud. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outpost_config))
- `resources_vpc_config` (Attributes) The VPC configuration that's used by the cluster control plane. Amazon EKS VPC resources have specific requirements to work properly with Kubernetes. For more information, see Cluster VPC Considerations (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/network_reqs.html) and Cluster Security Group Considerations (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/sec-group-reqs.html) in the Amazon EKS User Guide. You must specify at least two subnets. You can specify up to five security groups. However, we recommend that you use a dedicated security group for your cluster control plane. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources_vpc_config))
- `role_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IAM role that provides permissions for the Kubernetes control plane to make calls to Amazon Web Services API operations on your behalf. For more information, see Amazon EKS Service IAM Role (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/service_IAM_role.html) in the Amazon EKS User Guide .
- `role_ref` (Attributes) AWSResourceReferenceWrapper provides a wrapper around *AWSResourceReference type to provide more user friendly syntax for references using 'from' field Ex: APIIDRef:  from: name: my-api (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--role_ref))
- `tags` (Map of String) The metadata to apply to the cluster to assist with categorization and organization. Each tag consists of a key and an optional value. You define both.
- `version` (String) The desired Kubernetes version for your cluster. If you don't specify a value here, the default version available in Amazon EKS is used.  The default version might not be the latest version available.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--encryption_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.encryption_config`

Read-Only:

- `provider` (Attributes) Identifies the Key Management Service (KMS) key used to encrypt the secrets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--encryption_config--provider))
- `resources` (List of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--encryption_config--provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.encryption_config.provider`

Read-Only:

- `key_arn` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--kubernetes_network_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.kubernetes_network_config`

Read-Only:

- `ip_family` (String)
- `service_i_pv4_cidr` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--logging"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.logging`

Read-Only:

- `cluster_logging` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--logging--cluster_logging))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--logging--cluster_logging"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.logging.cluster_logging`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `types` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--outpost_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outpost_config`

Read-Only:

- `control_plane_instance_type` (String)
- `control_plane_placement` (Attributes) The placement configuration for all the control plane instances of your local Amazon EKS cluster on an Amazon Web Services Outpost. For more information, see Capacity considerations (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/eks-outposts-capacity-considerations.html) in the Amazon EKS User Guide (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outpost_config--control_plane_placement))
- `outpost_ar_ns` (List of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outpost_config--control_plane_placement"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outpost_config.control_plane_placement`

Read-Only:

- `group_name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources_vpc_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources_vpc_config`

Read-Only:

- `endpoint_private_access` (Boolean)
- `endpoint_public_access` (Boolean)
- `public_access_cid_rs` (List of String)
- `security_group_i_ds` (List of String)
- `security_group_refs` (Attributes List) Reference field for SecurityGroupIDs (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources_vpc_config--security_group_refs))
- `subnet_i_ds` (List of String)
- `subnet_refs` (Attributes List) Reference field for SubnetIDs (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources_vpc_config--subnet_refs))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources_vpc_config--security_group_refs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources_vpc_config.security_group_refs`

Read-Only:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference another k8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources_vpc_config--security_group_refs--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources_vpc_config--security_group_refs--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources_vpc_config.security_group_refs.from`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources_vpc_config--subnet_refs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources_vpc_config.subnet_refs`

Read-Only:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference another k8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources_vpc_config--subnet_refs--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources_vpc_config--subnet_refs--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources_vpc_config.subnet_refs.from`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--spec--role_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.role_ref`

Read-Only:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference another k8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--role_ref--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--role_ref--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.role_ref.from`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)
