---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_elbv2_k8s_aws_target_group_binding_v1beta1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "elbv2.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  TargetGroupBinding is the Schema for the TargetGroupBinding API
---

# k8s_elbv2_k8s_aws_target_group_binding_v1beta1_manifest (Data Source)

TargetGroupBinding is the Schema for the TargetGroupBinding API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_elbv2_k8s_aws_target_group_binding_v1beta1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) TargetGroupBindingSpec defines the desired state of TargetGroupBinding (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `service_ref` (Attributes) serviceRef is a reference to a Kubernetes Service and ServicePort. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--service_ref))
- `target_group_arn` (String) targetGroupARN is the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the TargetGroup.

Optional:

- `ip_address_type` (String) ipAddressType specifies whether the target group is of type IPv4 or IPv6. If unspecified, it will be automatically inferred.
- `networking` (Attributes) networking defines the networking rules to allow ELBV2 LoadBalancer to access targets in TargetGroup. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--networking))
- `node_selector` (Attributes) node selector for instance type target groups to only register certain nodes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--node_selector))
- `target_type` (String) targetType is the TargetType of TargetGroup. If unspecified, it will be automatically inferred.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--service_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.service_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the Service.
- `port` (String) Port is the port of the ServicePort.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--networking"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.networking`

Optional:

- `ingress` (Attributes List) List of ingress rules to allow ELBV2 LoadBalancer to access targets in TargetGroup. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--networking--ingress))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--networking--ingress"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.networking.ingress`

Required:

- `from` (Attributes List) List of peers which should be able to access the targets in TargetGroup.At least one NetworkingPeer should be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--networking--ingress--from))
- `ports` (Attributes List) List of ports which should be made accessible on the targets in TargetGroup.If ports is empty or unspecified, it defaults to all ports with TCP. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--networking--ingress--ports))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--networking--ingress--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.networking.ingress.from`

Optional:

- `ip_block` (Attributes) IPBlock defines an IPBlock peer.If specified, none of the other fields can be set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--networking--ingress--ports--ip_block))
- `security_group` (Attributes) SecurityGroup defines a SecurityGroup peer.If specified, none of the other fields can be set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--networking--ingress--ports--security_group))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--networking--ingress--ports--ip_block"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.networking.ingress.ports.ip_block`

Required:

- `cidr` (String) CIDR is the network CIDR.Both IPV4 or IPV6 CIDR are accepted.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--networking--ingress--ports--security_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.networking.ingress.ports.security_group`

Required:

- `group_id` (String) GroupID is the EC2 SecurityGroupID.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--networking--ingress--ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.networking.ingress.ports`

Optional:

- `port` (String) The port which traffic must match.When NodePort endpoints(instance TargetType) is used, this must be a numerical port.When Port endpoints(ip TargetType) is used, this can be either numerical or named port on pods.if port is unspecified, it defaults to all ports.
- `protocol` (String) The protocol which traffic must match.If protocol is unspecified, it defaults to TCP.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--node_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.node_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--node_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--node_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.node_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.
