---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_everest_percona_com_backup_storage_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "everest.percona.com"
description: |-
  BackupStorage is the Schema for the backupstorages API.
---

# k8s_everest_percona_com_backup_storage_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

BackupStorage is the Schema for the backupstorages API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_everest_percona_com_backup_storage_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) BackupStorageSpec defines the desired state of BackupStorage. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `bucket` (String) Bucket is a name of bucket.
- `credentials_secret_name` (String) CredentialsSecretName is the name of the secret with credentials.
- `type` (String) Type is a type of backup storage.

Optional:

- `allowed_namespaces` (List of String) AllowedNamespaces is the list of namespaces where the operator will copy secrets provided in the CredentialsSecretsName. Deprecated: BackupStorages are now used only in the namespaces where they are created.
- `description` (String) Description stores description of a backup storage.
- `endpoint_url` (String) EndpointURL is an endpoint URL of backup storage.
- `force_path_style` (Boolean) ForcePathStyle is set to use path-style URLs. If unspecified, the default value is false.
- `region` (String) Region is a region where the bucket is located.
- `verify_tls` (Boolean) VerifyTLS is set to ensure TLS/SSL verification. If unspecified, the default value is true.
