---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_everest_percona_com_database_cluster_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "everest.percona.com"
description: |-
  DatabaseCluster is the Schema for the databaseclusters API.
---

# k8s_everest_percona_com_database_cluster_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

DatabaseCluster is the Schema for the databaseclusters API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_everest_percona_com_database_cluster_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) DatabaseClusterSpec defines the desired state of DatabaseCluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `engine` (Attributes) Engine is the database engine specification (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--engine))

Optional:

- `allow_unsafe_configuration` (Boolean) AllowUnsafeConfiguration field used to ensure that the user can create configurations unfit for production use.
- `backup` (Attributes) Backup is the backup specification (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--backup))
- `data_source` (Attributes) DataSource defines a data source for bootstraping a new cluster (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--data_source))
- `monitoring` (Attributes) Monitoring is the monitoring configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--monitoring))
- `paused` (Boolean) Paused is a flag to stop the cluster
- `proxy` (Attributes) Proxy is the proxy specification. If not set, an appropriate proxy specification will be applied for the given engine. A common use case for setting this field is to control the external access to the database cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--proxy))
- `sharding` (Attributes) Sharding is the sharding configuration. PSMDB-only (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--sharding))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--engine"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.engine`

Required:

- `storage` (Attributes) Storage is the engine storage configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--engine--storage))
- `type` (String) Type is the engine type

Optional:

- `config` (String) Config is the engine configuration
- `cr_version` (String) CRVersion is the desired version of the CR to use with the underlying operator. If unspecified, everest-operator will use the same version as the operator. NOTE: Updating this property post installation may lead to a restart of the cluster.
- `replicas` (Number) Replicas is the number of engine replicas
- `resources` (Attributes) Resources are the resource limits for each engine replica. If not set, resource limits are not imposed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--engine--resources))
- `user_secrets_name` (String) UserSecretsName is the name of the secret containing the user secrets
- `version` (String) Version is the engine version

<a id="nestedatt--spec--engine--storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.engine.storage`

Required:

- `size` (String) Size is the size of the persistent volume claim

Optional:

- `class` (String) Class is the storage class to use for the persistent volume claim


<a id="nestedatt--spec--engine--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.engine.resources`

Optional:

- `cpu` (String) CPU is the CPU resource requirements
- `memory` (String) Memory is the memory resource requirements



<a id="nestedatt--spec--backup"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.backup`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled is a flag to enable backups

Optional:

- `pitr` (Attributes) PITR is the configuration of the point in time recovery (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--backup--pitr))
- `schedules` (Attributes List) Schedules is a list of backup schedules (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--backup--schedules))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--backup--pitr"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.backup.pitr`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled is a flag to enable PITR

Optional:

- `backup_storage_name` (String) BackupStorageName is the name of the BackupStorage where the PITR is enabled The BackupStorage must be created in the same namespace as the DatabaseCluster.
- `upload_interval_sec` (Number) UploadIntervalSec number of seconds between the binlogs uploads


<a id="nestedatt--spec--backup--schedules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.backup.schedules`

Required:

- `backup_storage_name` (String) BackupStorageName is the name of the BackupStorage CR that defines the storage location. The BackupStorage must be created in the same namespace as the DatabaseCluster.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled is a flag to enable the schedule
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the schedule
- `schedule` (String) Schedule is the cron schedule

Optional:

- `retention_copies` (Number) RetentionCopies is the number of backup copies to retain



<a id="nestedatt--spec--data_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.data_source`

Optional:

- `backup_source` (Attributes) BackupSource is the backup source to restore from (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--data_source--backup_source))
- `db_cluster_backup_name` (String) DBClusterBackupName is the name of the DB cluster backup to restore from
- `pitr` (Attributes) PITR is the point-in-time recovery configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--data_source--pitr))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--data_source--backup_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.data_source.backup_source`

Required:

- `backup_storage_name` (String) BackupStorageName is the name of the BackupStorage used for backups. The BackupStorage must be created in the same namespace as the DatabaseCluster.
- `path` (String) Path is the path to the backup file/directory.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--data_source--pitr"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.data_source.pitr`

Optional:

- `date` (String) Date is the UTC date to recover to. The accepted format: '2006-01-02T15:04:05Z'.
- `type` (String) Type is the type of recovery.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--monitoring"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.monitoring`

Optional:

- `monitoring_config_name` (String) MonitoringConfigName is the name of a monitoringConfig CR. The MonitoringConfig must be created in the same namespace as the DatabaseCluster.
- `resources` (Attributes) Resources defines resource limitations for the monitoring. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--monitoring--resources))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--monitoring--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.monitoring.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims, that are used by this container. This is an alpha field and requires enabling the DynamicResourceAllocation feature gate. This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--monitoring--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--monitoring--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.monitoring.resources.claims`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims of the Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource available inside a container.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--proxy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.proxy`

Optional:

- `config` (String) Config is the proxy configuration
- `expose` (Attributes) Expose is the proxy expose configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--proxy--expose))
- `replicas` (Number) Replicas is the number of proxy replicas
- `resources` (Attributes) Resources are the resource limits for each proxy replica. If not set, resource limits are not imposed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--proxy--resources))
- `type` (String) Type is the proxy type

<a id="nestedatt--spec--proxy--expose"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.proxy.expose`

Optional:

- `ip_source_ranges` (List of String) IPSourceRanges is the list of IP source ranges (CIDR notation) to allow access from. If not set, there is no limitations
- `type` (String) Type is the expose type, can be internal or external


<a id="nestedatt--spec--proxy--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.proxy.resources`

Optional:

- `cpu` (String) CPU is the CPU resource requirements
- `memory` (String) Memory is the memory resource requirements



<a id="nestedatt--spec--sharding"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.sharding`

Required:

- `config_server` (Attributes) ConfigServer represents the sharding configuration server settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--sharding--config_server))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled defines if the sharding is enabled
- `shards` (Number) Shards defines the number of shards

<a id="nestedatt--spec--sharding--config_server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.sharding.config_server`

Required:

- `replicas` (Number) Replicas is the amount of configServers
