---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_everest_percona_com_database_cluster_restore_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "everest.percona.com"
description: |-
  DatabaseClusterRestore is the Schema for the databaseclusterrestores API.
---

# k8s_everest_percona_com_database_cluster_restore_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

DatabaseClusterRestore is the Schema for the databaseclusterrestores API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_everest_percona_com_database_cluster_restore_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) DatabaseClusterRestoreSpec defines the desired state of DatabaseClusterRestore. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `data_source` (Attributes) DataSource defines a data source for restoration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--data_source))
- `db_cluster_name` (String) DBClusterName defines the cluster name to restore.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--data_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.data_source`

Optional:

- `backup_source` (Attributes) BackupSource is the backup source to restore from (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--data_source--backup_source))
- `db_cluster_backup_name` (String) DBClusterBackupName is the name of the DB cluster backup to restore from
- `pitr` (Attributes) PITR is the point-in-time recovery configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--data_source--pitr))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--data_source--backup_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.data_source.backup_source`

Required:

- `backup_storage_name` (String) BackupStorageName is the name of the BackupStorage used for backups.
- `path` (String) Path is the path to the backup file/directory.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--data_source--pitr"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.data_source.pitr`

Optional:

- `date` (String) Date is the UTC date to recover to. The accepted format: '2006-01-02T15:04:05Z'.
- `type` (String) Type is the type of recovery.
