---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_example_openshift_io_stable_config_type_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "example.openshift.io"
description: |-
  StableConfigType is a stable config type that may include TechPreviewNoUpgrade fields.  Compatibility level 1: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 12 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).
---

# k8s_example_openshift_io_stable_config_type_v1_manifest (Data Source)

StableConfigType is a stable config type that may include TechPreviewNoUpgrade fields.  Compatibility level 1: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 12 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_example_openshift_io_stable_config_type_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) spec is the specification of the desired behavior of the StableConfigType. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `immutable_field` (String) immutableField is a field that is immutable once the object has been created. It is required at all times.

Optional:

- `cel_union` (Attributes) celUnion demonstrates how to validate a discrminated union using CEL (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cel_union))
- `evolving_union` (Attributes) evolvingUnion demonstrates how to phase in new values into discriminated union (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--evolving_union))
- `optional_immutable_field` (String) optionalImmutableField is a field that is immutable once set. It is optional but may not be changed once set.
- `stable_field` (String) stableField is a field that is present on default clusters and on tech preview clusters  If empty, the platform will choose a good default, which may change over time without notice.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cel_union"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cel_union`

Optional:

- `optional_member` (String) optionalMember is a union member that is optional.
- `required_member` (String) requiredMember is a union member that is required.
- `type` (String) type determines which of the union members should be populated.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--evolving_union"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.evolving_union`

Optional:

- `type` (String) type is the discriminator. It has different values for Default and for TechPreviewNoUpgrade
