---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_expansion_gatekeeper_sh_expansion_template_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "expansion.gatekeeper.sh"
description: |-
  ExpansionTemplate is the Schema for the ExpansionTemplate API.
---

# k8s_expansion_gatekeeper_sh_expansion_template_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

ExpansionTemplate is the Schema for the ExpansionTemplate API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_expansion_gatekeeper_sh_expansion_template_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) ExpansionTemplateSpec defines the desired state of ExpansionTemplate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `apply_to` (Attributes List) ApplyTo lists the specific groups, versions and kinds of generator resources which will be expanded. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--apply_to))
- `enforcement_action` (String) EnforcementAction specifies the enforcement action to be used for resources matching the ExpansionTemplate. Specifying an empty value will use the enforcement action specified by the Constraint in violation.
- `generated_gvk` (Attributes) GeneratedGVK specifies the GVK of the resources which the generator resource creates. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--generated_gvk))
- `template_source` (String) TemplateSource specifies the source field on the generator resource to use as the base for expanded resource. For Pod-creating generators, this is usually spec.template

<a id="nestedatt--spec--apply_to"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.apply_to`

Optional:

- `groups` (List of String)
- `kinds` (List of String)
- `versions` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--generated_gvk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.generated_gvk`

Optional:

- `group` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `version` (String)
