---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_extensions_istio_io_wasm_plugin_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "extensions.istio.io"
description: |-
  
---

# k8s_extensions_istio_io_wasm_plugin_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_extensions_istio_io_wasm_plugin_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) Extend the functionality provided by the Istio proxy through WebAssembly filters. See more details at: https://istio.io/docs/reference/config/proxy_extensions/wasm-plugin.html (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `url` (String) URL of a Wasm module or OCI container.

Optional:

- `fail_strategy` (String) Specifies the failure behavior for the plugin due to fatal errors.Valid Options: FAIL_CLOSE, FAIL_OPEN
- `image_pull_policy` (String) The pull behaviour to be applied when fetching Wasm module by either OCI image or 'http/https'.Valid Options: IfNotPresent, Always
- `image_pull_secret` (String) Credentials to use for OCI image pulling.
- `match` (Attributes List) Specifies the criteria to determine which traffic is passed to WasmPlugin. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--match))
- `phase` (String) Determines where in the filter chain this 'WasmPlugin' is to be injected.Valid Options: AUTHN, AUTHZ, STATS
- `plugin_config` (Map of String) The configuration that will be passed on to the plugin.
- `plugin_name` (String) The plugin name to be used in the Envoy configuration (used to be called 'rootID').
- `priority` (Number) Determines ordering of 'WasmPlugins' in the same 'phase'.
- `selector` (Attributes) Criteria used to select the specific set of pods/VMs on which this plugin configuration should be applied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--selector))
- `sha256` (String) SHA256 checksum that will be used to verify Wasm module or OCI container.
- `target_ref` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--target_ref))
- `target_refs` (Attributes List) Optional. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--target_refs))
- `type` (String) Specifies the type of Wasm Extension to be used.Valid Options: HTTP, NETWORK
- `verification_key` (String)
- `vm_config` (Attributes) Configuration for a Wasm VM. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vm_config))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--match"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.match`

Optional:

- `mode` (String) Criteria for selecting traffic by their direction.Valid Options: CLIENT, SERVER, CLIENT_AND_SERVER
- `ports` (Attributes List) Criteria for selecting traffic by their destination port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--match--ports))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--match--ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.match.ports`

Required:

- `number` (Number)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.selector`

Optional:

- `match_labels` (Map of String) One or more labels that indicate a specific set of pods/VMs on which a policy should be applied.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--target_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.target_ref`

Optional:

- `group` (String) group is the group of the target resource.
- `kind` (String) kind is kind of the target resource.
- `name` (String) name is the name of the target resource.
- `namespace` (String) namespace is the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--target_refs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.target_refs`

Optional:

- `group` (String) group is the group of the target resource.
- `kind` (String) kind is kind of the target resource.
- `name` (String) name is the name of the target resource.
- `namespace` (String) namespace is the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--vm_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vm_config`

Optional:

- `env` (Attributes List) Specifies environment variables to be injected to this VM. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vm_config--env))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--vm_config--env"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vm_config.env`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the environment variable.

Optional:

- `value` (String) Value for the environment variable.
- `value_from` (String) Source for the environment variable's value.Valid Options: INLINE, HOST
