---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_external_secrets_io_cluster_external_secret_v1beta1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "external-secrets.io"
description: |-
  ClusterExternalSecret is the Schema for the clusterexternalsecrets API.
---

# k8s_external_secrets_io_cluster_external_secret_v1beta1_manifest (Data Source)

ClusterExternalSecret is the Schema for the clusterexternalsecrets API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_external_secrets_io_cluster_external_secret_v1beta1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) ClusterExternalSecretSpec defines the desired state of ClusterExternalSecret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `external_secret_spec` (Attributes) The spec for the ExternalSecrets to be created (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--external_secret_spec))

Optional:

- `external_secret_metadata` (Attributes) The metadata of the external secrets to be created (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--external_secret_metadata))
- `external_secret_name` (String) The name of the external secrets to be created defaults to the name of the ClusterExternalSecret
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) The labels to select by to find the Namespaces to create the ExternalSecrets in. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) Choose namespaces by name. This field is ORed with anything that NamespaceSelector ends up choosing.
- `refresh_time` (String) The time in which the controller should reconcile its objects and recheck namespaces for labels.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--external_secret_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_secret_spec`

Optional:

- `data` (Attributes List) Data defines the connection between the Kubernetes Secret keys and the Provider data (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--external_secret_spec--data))
- `data_from` (Attributes List) DataFrom is used to fetch all properties from a specific Provider dataIf multiple entries are specified, the Secret keys are merged in the specified order (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--external_secret_spec--data_from))
- `refresh_interval` (String) RefreshInterval is the amount of time before the values are read again from the SecretStore providerValid time units are 'ns', 'us' (or 'µs'), 'ms', 's', 'm', 'h'May be set to zero to fetch and create it once. Defaults to 1h.
- `secret_store_ref` (Attributes) SecretStoreRef defines which SecretStore to fetch the ExternalSecret data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--external_secret_spec--secret_store_ref))
- `target` (Attributes) ExternalSecretTarget defines the Kubernetes Secret to be createdThere can be only one target per ExternalSecret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--external_secret_spec--target))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--external_secret_spec--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_secret_spec.data`

Required:

- `remote_ref` (Attributes) RemoteRef points to the remote secret and defineswhich secret (version/property/..) to fetch. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--external_secret_spec--data--remote_ref))
- `secret_key` (String) SecretKey defines the key in which the controller storesthe value. This is the key in the Kind=Secret

Optional:

- `source_ref` (Attributes) SourceRef allows you to override the sourcefrom which the value will pulled from. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--external_secret_spec--data--source_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--external_secret_spec--data--remote_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_secret_spec.data.remote_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) Key is the key used in the Provider, mandatory

Optional:

- `conversion_strategy` (String) Used to define a conversion Strategy
- `decoding_strategy` (String) Used to define a decoding Strategy
- `metadata_policy` (String) Policy for fetching tags/labels from provider secrets, possible options are Fetch, None. Defaults to None
- `property` (String) Used to select a specific property of the Provider value (if a map), if supported
- `version` (String) Used to select a specific version of the Provider value, if supported


<a id="nestedatt--spec--external_secret_spec--data--source_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_secret_spec.data.source_ref`

Optional:

- `generator_ref` (Attributes) GeneratorRef points to a generator custom resource.Deprecated: The generatorRef is not implemented in .data[].this will be removed with v1. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--external_secret_spec--data--source_ref--generator_ref))
- `store_ref` (Attributes) SecretStoreRef defines which SecretStore to fetch the ExternalSecret data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--external_secret_spec--data--source_ref--store_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--external_secret_spec--data--source_ref--generator_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_secret_spec.data.source_ref.generator_ref`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Specify the Kind of the resource, e.g. Password, ACRAccessToken etc.
- `name` (String) Specify the name of the generator resource

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) Specify the apiVersion of the generator resource


<a id="nestedatt--spec--external_secret_spec--data--source_ref--store_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_secret_spec.data.source_ref.store_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the SecretStore resource

Optional:

- `kind` (String) Kind of the SecretStore resource (SecretStore or ClusterSecretStore)Defaults to 'SecretStore'




<a id="nestedatt--spec--external_secret_spec--data_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_secret_spec.data_from`

Optional:

- `extract` (Attributes) Used to extract multiple key/value pairs from one secretNote: Extract does not support sourceRef.Generator or sourceRef.GeneratorRef. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--external_secret_spec--data_from--extract))
- `find` (Attributes) Used to find secrets based on tags or regular expressionsNote: Find does not support sourceRef.Generator or sourceRef.GeneratorRef. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--external_secret_spec--data_from--find))
- `rewrite` (Attributes List) Used to rewrite secret Keys after getting them from the secret ProviderMultiple Rewrite operations can be provided. They are applied in a layered order (first to last) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--external_secret_spec--data_from--rewrite))
- `source_ref` (Attributes) SourceRef points to a store or generatorwhich contains secret values ready to use.Use this in combination with Extract or Find pull values out ofa specific SecretStore.When sourceRef points to a generator Extract or Find is not supported.The generator returns a static map of values (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--external_secret_spec--data_from--source_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--external_secret_spec--data_from--extract"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_secret_spec.data_from.extract`

Required:

- `key` (String) Key is the key used in the Provider, mandatory

Optional:

- `conversion_strategy` (String) Used to define a conversion Strategy
- `decoding_strategy` (String) Used to define a decoding Strategy
- `metadata_policy` (String) Policy for fetching tags/labels from provider secrets, possible options are Fetch, None. Defaults to None
- `property` (String) Used to select a specific property of the Provider value (if a map), if supported
- `version` (String) Used to select a specific version of the Provider value, if supported


<a id="nestedatt--spec--external_secret_spec--data_from--find"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_secret_spec.data_from.find`

Optional:

- `conversion_strategy` (String) Used to define a conversion Strategy
- `decoding_strategy` (String) Used to define a decoding Strategy
- `name` (Attributes) Finds secrets based on the name. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--external_secret_spec--data_from--source_ref--name))
- `path` (String) A root path to start the find operations.
- `tags` (Map of String) Find secrets based on tags.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--external_secret_spec--data_from--source_ref--name"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_secret_spec.data_from.source_ref.name`

Optional:

- `regexp` (String) Finds secrets base



<a id="nestedatt--spec--external_secret_spec--data_from--rewrite"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_secret_spec.data_from.rewrite`

Optional:

- `regexp` (Attributes) Used to rewrite with regular expressions.The resulting key will be the output of a regexp.ReplaceAll operation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--external_secret_spec--data_from--source_ref--regexp))
- `transform` (Attributes) Used to apply string transformation on the secrets.The resulting key will be the output of the template applied by the operation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--external_secret_spec--data_from--source_ref--transform))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--external_secret_spec--data_from--source_ref--regexp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_secret_spec.data_from.source_ref.regexp`

Required:

- `source` (String) Used to define the regular expression of a re.Compiler.
- `target` (String) Used to define the target pattern of a ReplaceAll operation.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--external_secret_spec--data_from--source_ref--transform"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_secret_spec.data_from.source_ref.transform`

Required:

- `template` (String) Used to define the template to apply on the secret name.'.value ' will specify the secret name in the template.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--external_secret_spec--data_from--source_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_secret_spec.data_from.source_ref`

Optional:

- `generator_ref` (Attributes) GeneratorRef points to a generator custom resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--external_secret_spec--data_from--source_ref--generator_ref))
- `store_ref` (Attributes) SecretStoreRef defines which SecretStore to fetch the ExternalSecret data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--external_secret_spec--data_from--source_ref--store_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--external_secret_spec--data_from--source_ref--generator_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_secret_spec.data_from.source_ref.generator_ref`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Specify the Kind of the resource, e.g. Password, ACRAccessToken etc.
- `name` (String) Specify the name of the generator resource

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) Specify the apiVersion of the generator resource


<a id="nestedatt--spec--external_secret_spec--data_from--source_ref--store_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_secret_spec.data_from.source_ref.store_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the SecretStore resource

Optional:

- `kind` (String) Kind of the SecretStore resource (SecretStore or ClusterSecretStore)Defaults to 'SecretStore'




<a id="nestedatt--spec--external_secret_spec--secret_store_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_secret_spec.secret_store_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the SecretStore resource

Optional:

- `kind` (String) Kind of the SecretStore resource (SecretStore or ClusterSecretStore)Defaults to 'SecretStore'


<a id="nestedatt--spec--external_secret_spec--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_secret_spec.target`

Optional:

- `creation_policy` (String) CreationPolicy defines rules on how to create the resulting SecretDefaults to 'Owner'
- `deletion_policy` (String) DeletionPolicy defines rules on how to delete the resulting SecretDefaults to 'Retain'
- `immutable` (Boolean) Immutable defines if the final secret will be immutable
- `name` (String) Name defines the name of the Secret resource to be managedThis field is immutableDefaults to the .metadata.name of the ExternalSecret resource
- `template` (Attributes) Template defines a blueprint for the created Secret resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--external_secret_spec--target--template))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--external_secret_spec--target--template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_secret_spec.target.template`

Optional:

- `data` (Map of String)
- `engine_version` (String) EngineVersion specifies the template engine versionthat should be used to compile/execute thetemplate specified in .data and .templateFrom[].
- `merge_policy` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) ExternalSecretTemplateMetadata defines metadata fields for the Secret blueprint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--external_secret_spec--target--template--metadata))
- `template_from` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--external_secret_spec--target--template--template_from))
- `type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--external_secret_spec--target--template--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_secret_spec.target.template.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--external_secret_spec--target--template--template_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_secret_spec.target.template.template_from`

Optional:

- `config_map` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--external_secret_spec--target--template--template_from--config_map))
- `literal` (String)
- `secret` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--external_secret_spec--target--template--template_from--secret))
- `target` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--external_secret_spec--target--template--template_from--config_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_secret_spec.target.template.template_from.config_map`

Required:

- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--external_secret_spec--target--template--template_from--target--items))
- `name` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--external_secret_spec--target--template--template_from--target--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_secret_spec.target.template.template_from.target.items`

Required:

- `key` (String)

Optional:

- `template_as` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--external_secret_spec--target--template--template_from--secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_secret_spec.target.template.template_from.secret`

Required:

- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--external_secret_spec--target--template--template_from--target--items))
- `name` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--external_secret_spec--target--template--template_from--target--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_secret_spec.target.template.template_from.target.items`

Required:

- `key` (String)

Optional:

- `template_as` (String)







<a id="nestedatt--spec--external_secret_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_secret_metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.
