---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_external_secrets_io_cluster_secret_store_v1beta1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "external-secrets.io"
description: |-
  ClusterSecretStore represents a secure external location for storing secrets, which can be referenced as part of 'storeRef' fields.
---

# k8s_external_secrets_io_cluster_secret_store_v1beta1_manifest (Data Source)

ClusterSecretStore represents a secure external location for storing secrets, which can be referenced as part of 'storeRef' fields.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_external_secrets_io_cluster_secret_store_v1beta1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"
  }
  spec = {
    provider = {
      gcpsm = {
        project_id = "some-project-id"
        auth = {
          workload_identity = {
            cluster_name     = "some-cluster-name"
            cluster_location = "some-cluster-location"
            service_account_ref = {
              name      = "some-service-account"
              namespace = "some-namespace"
            }
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) SecretStoreSpec defines the desired state of SecretStore. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `provider` (Attributes) Used to configure the provider. Only one provider may be set (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider))

Optional:

- `conditions` (Attributes List) Used to constraint a ClusterSecretStore to specific namespaces. Relevant only to ClusterSecretStore (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--conditions))
- `controller` (String) Used to select the correct ESO controller (think: ingress.ingressClassName)The ESO controller is instantiated with a specific controller name and filters ES based on this property
- `refresh_interval` (Number) Used to configure store refresh interval in seconds. Empty or 0 will default to the controller config.
- `retry_settings` (Attributes) Used to configure http retries if failed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--retry_settings))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider`

Optional:

- `akeyless` (Attributes) Akeyless configures this store to sync secrets using Akeyless Vault provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--akeyless))
- `alibaba` (Attributes) Alibaba configures this store to sync secrets using Alibaba Cloud provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--alibaba))
- `aws` (Attributes) AWS configures this store to sync secrets using AWS Secret Manager provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--aws))
- `azurekv` (Attributes) AzureKV configures this store to sync secrets using Azure Key Vault provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--azurekv))
- `chef` (Attributes) Chef configures this store to sync secrets with chef server (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--chef))
- `conjur` (Attributes) Conjur configures this store to sync secrets using conjur provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--conjur))
- `delinea` (Attributes) Delinea DevOps Secrets Vaulthttps://docs.delinea.com/online-help/products/devops-secrets-vault/current (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--delinea))
- `doppler` (Attributes) Doppler configures this store to sync secrets using the Doppler provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--doppler))
- `fake` (Attributes) Fake configures a store with static key/value pairs (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--fake))
- `fortanix` (Attributes) Fortanix configures this store to sync secrets using the Fortanix provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--fortanix))
- `gcpsm` (Attributes) GCPSM configures this store to sync secrets using Google Cloud Platform Secret Manager provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--gcpsm))
- `gitlab` (Attributes) GitLab configures this store to sync secrets using GitLab Variables provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--gitlab))
- `ibm` (Attributes) IBM configures this store to sync secrets using IBM Cloud provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--ibm))
- `keepersecurity` (Attributes) KeeperSecurity configures this store to sync secrets using the KeeperSecurity provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--keepersecurity))
- `kubernetes` (Attributes) Kubernetes configures this store to sync secrets using a Kubernetes cluster provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--kubernetes))
- `onboardbase` (Attributes) Onboardbase configures this store to sync secrets using the Onboardbase provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--onboardbase))
- `onepassword` (Attributes) OnePassword configures this store to sync secrets using the 1Password Cloud provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--onepassword))
- `oracle` (Attributes) Oracle configures this store to sync secrets using Oracle Vault provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--oracle))
- `passbolt` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--passbolt))
- `passworddepot` (Attributes) Configures a store to sync secrets with a Password Depot instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--passworddepot))
- `pulumi` (Attributes) Pulumi configures this store to sync secrets using the Pulumi provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--pulumi))
- `scaleway` (Attributes) Scaleway (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--scaleway))
- `senhasegura` (Attributes) Senhasegura configures this store to sync secrets using senhasegura provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--senhasegura))
- `vault` (Attributes) Vault configures this store to sync secrets using Hashi provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--vault))
- `webhook` (Attributes) Webhook configures this store to sync secrets using a generic templated webhook (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--webhook))
- `yandexcertificatemanager` (Attributes) YandexCertificateManager configures this store to sync secrets using Yandex Certificate Manager provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--yandexcertificatemanager))
- `yandexlockbox` (Attributes) YandexLockbox configures this store to sync secrets using Yandex Lockbox provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--yandexlockbox))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--akeyless"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.akeyless`

Required:

- `akeyless_gw_api_url` (String) Akeyless GW API Url from which the secrets to be fetched from.
- `auth_secret_ref` (Attributes) Auth configures how the operator authenticates with Akeyless. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--akeyless--auth_secret_ref))

Optional:

- `ca_bundle` (String) PEM/base64 encoded CA bundle used to validate Akeyless Gateway certificate. Only usedif the AkeylessGWApiURL URL is using HTTPS protocol. If not set the system root certificatesare used to validate the TLS connection.
- `ca_provider` (Attributes) The provider for the CA bundle to use to validate Akeyless Gateway certificate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--akeyless--ca_provider))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--akeyless--auth_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.akeyless.auth_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `kubernetes_auth` (Attributes) Kubernetes authenticates with Akeyless by passing the ServiceAccounttoken stored in the named Secret resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--akeyless--auth_secret_ref--kubernetes_auth))
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) Reference to a Secret that contains the detailsto authenticate with Akeyless. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--akeyless--auth_secret_ref--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--akeyless--auth_secret_ref--kubernetes_auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.akeyless.auth_secret_ref.kubernetes_auth`

Required:

- `access_id` (String) the Akeyless Kubernetes auth-method access-id
- `k8s_conf_name` (String) Kubernetes-auth configuration name in Akeyless-Gateway

Optional:

- `secret_ref` (Attributes) Optional secret field containing a Kubernetes ServiceAccount JWT usedfor authenticating with Akeyless. If a name is specified without a key,'token' is the default. If one is not specified, the one bound tothe controller will be used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--akeyless--auth_secret_ref--kubernetes_auth--secret_ref))
- `service_account_ref` (Attributes) Optional service account field containing the name of a kubernetes ServiceAccount.If the service account is specified, the service account secret token JWT will be usedfor authenticating with Akeyless. If the service account selector is not supplied,the secretRef will be used instead. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--akeyless--auth_secret_ref--kubernetes_auth--service_account_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--akeyless--auth_secret_ref--kubernetes_auth--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.akeyless.auth_secret_ref.kubernetes_auth.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--akeyless--auth_secret_ref--kubernetes_auth--service_account_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.akeyless.auth_secret_ref.kubernetes_auth.service_account_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the ServiceAccount resource being referred to.

Optional:

- `audiences` (List of String) Audience specifies the 'aud' claim for the service account tokenIf the service account uses a well-known annotation for e.g. IRSA or GCP Workload Identitythen this audiences will be appended to the list
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--akeyless--auth_secret_ref--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.akeyless.auth_secret_ref.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `access_id` (Attributes) The SecretAccessID is used for authentication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--akeyless--auth_secret_ref--secret_ref--access_id))
- `access_type` (Attributes) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource,In some instances, 'key' is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--akeyless--auth_secret_ref--secret_ref--access_type))
- `access_type_param` (Attributes) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource,In some instances, 'key' is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--akeyless--auth_secret_ref--secret_ref--access_type_param))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--akeyless--auth_secret_ref--secret_ref--access_id"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.akeyless.auth_secret_ref.secret_ref.access_id`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--akeyless--auth_secret_ref--secret_ref--access_type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.akeyless.auth_secret_ref.secret_ref.access_type`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--akeyless--auth_secret_ref--secret_ref--access_type_param"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.akeyless.auth_secret_ref.secret_ref.access_type_param`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--akeyless--ca_provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.akeyless.ca_provider`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the object located at the provider type.
- `type` (String) The type of provider to use such as 'Secret', or 'ConfigMap'.

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key where the CA certificate can be found in the Secret or ConfigMap.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace the Provider type is in.Can only be defined when used in a ClusterSecretStore.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--alibaba"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.alibaba`

Required:

- `auth` (Attributes) AlibabaAuth contains a secretRef for credentials. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--alibaba--auth))
- `region_id` (String) Alibaba Region to be used for the provider

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--alibaba--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.alibaba.auth`

Optional:

- `rrsa` (Attributes) Authenticate against Alibaba using RRSA. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--alibaba--auth--rrsa))
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) AlibabaAuthSecretRef holds secret references for Alibaba credentials. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--alibaba--auth--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--alibaba--auth--rrsa"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.alibaba.auth.rrsa`

Required:

- `oidc_provider_arn` (String)
- `oidc_token_file_path` (String)
- `role_arn` (String)
- `session_name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--alibaba--auth--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.alibaba.auth.secret_ref`

Required:

- `access_key_id_secret_ref` (Attributes) The AccessKeyID is used for authentication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--alibaba--auth--secret_ref--access_key_id_secret_ref))
- `access_key_secret_secret_ref` (Attributes) The AccessKeySecret is used for authentication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--alibaba--auth--secret_ref--access_key_secret_secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--alibaba--auth--secret_ref--access_key_id_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.alibaba.auth.secret_ref.access_key_id_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--alibaba--auth--secret_ref--access_key_secret_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.alibaba.auth.secret_ref.access_key_secret_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--aws"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.aws`

Required:

- `region` (String) AWS Region to be used for the provider
- `service` (String) Service defines which service should be used to fetch the secrets

Optional:

- `additional_roles` (List of String) AdditionalRoles is a chained list of Role ARNs which the provider will sequentially assume before assuming the Role
- `auth` (Attributes) Auth defines the information necessary to authenticate against AWSif not set aws sdk will infer credentials from your environmentsee: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-go/v1/developer-guide/configuring-sdk.html#specifying-credentials (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--aws--auth))
- `external_id` (String) AWS External ID set on assumed IAM roles
- `role` (String) Role is a Role ARN which the provider will assume
- `secrets_manager` (Attributes) SecretsManager defines how the provider behaves when interacting with AWS SecretsManager (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--aws--secrets_manager))
- `session_tags` (Attributes List) AWS STS assume role session tags (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--aws--session_tags))
- `transitive_tag_keys` (List of String) AWS STS assume role transitive session tags. Required when multiple rules are used with the provider

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--aws--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.aws.auth`

Optional:

- `jwt` (Attributes) Authenticate against AWS using service account tokens. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--aws--auth--jwt))
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) AWSAuthSecretRef holds secret references for AWS credentialsboth AccessKeyID and SecretAccessKey must be defined in order to properly authenticate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--aws--auth--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--aws--auth--jwt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.aws.auth.jwt`

Optional:

- `service_account_ref` (Attributes) A reference to a ServiceAccount resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--aws--auth--jwt--service_account_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--aws--auth--jwt--service_account_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.aws.auth.jwt.service_account_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the ServiceAccount resource being referred to.

Optional:

- `audiences` (List of String) Audience specifies the 'aud' claim for the service account tokenIf the service account uses a well-known annotation for e.g. IRSA or GCP Workload Identitythen this audiences will be appended to the list
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--aws--auth--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.aws.auth.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `access_key_id_secret_ref` (Attributes) The AccessKeyID is used for authentication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--aws--auth--secret_ref--access_key_id_secret_ref))
- `secret_access_key_secret_ref` (Attributes) The SecretAccessKey is used for authentication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--aws--auth--secret_ref--secret_access_key_secret_ref))
- `session_token_secret_ref` (Attributes) The SessionToken used for authenticationThis must be defined if AccessKeyID and SecretAccessKey are temporary credentialssee: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_temp_use-resources.html (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--aws--auth--secret_ref--session_token_secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--aws--auth--secret_ref--access_key_id_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.aws.auth.secret_ref.access_key_id_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--aws--auth--secret_ref--secret_access_key_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.aws.auth.secret_ref.secret_access_key_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--aws--auth--secret_ref--session_token_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.aws.auth.secret_ref.session_token_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--aws--secrets_manager"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.aws.secrets_manager`

Optional:

- `force_delete_without_recovery` (Boolean) Specifies whether to delete the secret without any recovery window. Youcan't use both this parameter and RecoveryWindowInDays in the same call.If you don't use either, then by default Secrets Manager uses a 30 dayrecovery window.see: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/secretsmanager/latest/apireference/API_DeleteSecret.html#SecretsManager-DeleteSecret-request-ForceDeleteWithoutRecovery
- `recovery_window_in_days` (Number) The number of days from 7 to 30 that Secrets Manager waits beforepermanently deleting the secret. You can't use both this parameter andForceDeleteWithoutRecovery in the same call. If you don't use either,then by default Secrets Manager uses a 30 day recovery window.see: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/secretsmanager/latest/apireference/API_DeleteSecret.html#SecretsManager-DeleteSecret-request-RecoveryWindowInDays


<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--aws--session_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.aws.session_tags`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--azurekv"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.azurekv`

Required:

- `vault_url` (String) Vault Url from which the secrets to be fetched from.

Optional:

- `auth_secret_ref` (Attributes) Auth configures how the operator authenticates with Azure. Required for ServicePrincipal auth type. Optional for WorkloadIdentity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--azurekv--auth_secret_ref))
- `auth_type` (String) Auth type defines how to authenticate to the keyvault service.Valid values are:- 'ServicePrincipal' (default): Using a service principal (tenantId, clientId, clientSecret)- 'ManagedIdentity': Using Managed Identity assigned to the pod (see aad-pod-identity)
- `environment_type` (String) EnvironmentType specifies the Azure cloud environment endpoints to use forconnecting and authenticating with Azure. By default it points to the public cloud AAD endpoint.The following endpoints are available, also see here: https://github.com/Azure/go-autorest/blob/main/autorest/azure/environments.go#L152PublicCloud, USGovernmentCloud, ChinaCloud, GermanCloud
- `identity_id` (String) If multiple Managed Identity is assigned to the pod, you can select the one to be used
- `service_account_ref` (Attributes) ServiceAccountRef specified the service accountthat should be used when authenticating with WorkloadIdentity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--azurekv--service_account_ref))
- `tenant_id` (String) TenantID configures the Azure Tenant to send requests to. Required for ServicePrincipal auth type. Optional for WorkloadIdentity.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--azurekv--auth_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.azurekv.auth_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `client_certificate` (Attributes) The Azure ClientCertificate of the service principle used for authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--azurekv--auth_secret_ref--client_certificate))
- `client_id` (Attributes) The Azure clientId of the service principle or managed identity used for authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--azurekv--auth_secret_ref--client_id))
- `client_secret` (Attributes) The Azure ClientSecret of the service principle used for authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--azurekv--auth_secret_ref--client_secret))
- `tenant_id` (Attributes) The Azure tenantId of the managed identity used for authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--azurekv--auth_secret_ref--tenant_id))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--azurekv--auth_secret_ref--client_certificate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.azurekv.auth_secret_ref.client_certificate`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--azurekv--auth_secret_ref--client_id"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.azurekv.auth_secret_ref.client_id`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--azurekv--auth_secret_ref--client_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.azurekv.auth_secret_ref.client_secret`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--azurekv--auth_secret_ref--tenant_id"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.azurekv.auth_secret_ref.tenant_id`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--azurekv--service_account_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.azurekv.service_account_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the ServiceAccount resource being referred to.

Optional:

- `audiences` (List of String) Audience specifies the 'aud' claim for the service account tokenIf the service account uses a well-known annotation for e.g. IRSA or GCP Workload Identitythen this audiences will be appended to the list
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--chef"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.chef`

Required:

- `auth` (Attributes) Auth defines the information necessary to authenticate against chef Server (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--chef--auth))
- `server_url` (String) ServerURL is the chef server URL used to connect to. If using orgs you should include your org in the url and terminate the url with a '/'
- `username` (String) UserName should be the user ID on the chef server

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--chef--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.chef.auth`

Required:

- `secret_ref` (Attributes) ChefAuthSecretRef holds secret references for chef server login credentials. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--chef--auth--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--chef--auth--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.chef.auth.secret_ref`

Required:

- `private_key_secret_ref` (Attributes) SecretKey is the Signing Key in PEM format, used for authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--chef--auth--secret_ref--private_key_secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--chef--auth--secret_ref--private_key_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.chef.auth.secret_ref.private_key_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--conjur"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.conjur`

Required:

- `auth` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--conjur--auth))
- `url` (String)

Optional:

- `ca_bundle` (String)
- `ca_provider` (Attributes) Used to provide custom certificate authority (CA) certificatesfor a secret store. The CAProvider points to a Secret or ConfigMap resourcethat contains a PEM-encoded certificate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--conjur--ca_provider))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--conjur--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.conjur.auth`

Optional:

- `apikey` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--conjur--auth--apikey))
- `jwt` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--conjur--auth--jwt))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--conjur--auth--apikey"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.conjur.auth.apikey`

Required:

- `account` (String)
- `api_key_ref` (Attributes) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource,In some instances, 'key' is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--conjur--auth--apikey--api_key_ref))
- `user_ref` (Attributes) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource,In some instances, 'key' is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--conjur--auth--apikey--user_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--conjur--auth--apikey--api_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.conjur.auth.apikey.api_key_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--conjur--auth--apikey--user_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.conjur.auth.apikey.user_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--conjur--auth--jwt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.conjur.auth.jwt`

Required:

- `account` (String)
- `service_id` (String) The conjur authn jwt webservice id

Optional:

- `host_id` (String) Optional HostID for JWT authentication. This may be used dependingon how the Conjur JWT authenticator policy is configured.
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) Optional SecretRef that refers to a key in a Secret resource containing JWT token toauthenticate with Conjur using the JWT authentication method. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--conjur--auth--jwt--secret_ref))
- `service_account_ref` (Attributes) Optional ServiceAccountRef specifies the Kubernetes service account for which to requesta token for with the 'TokenRequest' API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--conjur--auth--jwt--service_account_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--conjur--auth--jwt--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.conjur.auth.jwt.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--conjur--auth--jwt--service_account_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.conjur.auth.jwt.service_account_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the ServiceAccount resource being referred to.

Optional:

- `audiences` (List of String) Audience specifies the 'aud' claim for the service account tokenIf the service account uses a well-known annotation for e.g. IRSA or GCP Workload Identitythen this audiences will be appended to the list
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--conjur--ca_provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.conjur.ca_provider`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the object located at the provider type.
- `type` (String) The type of provider to use such as 'Secret', or 'ConfigMap'.

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key where the CA certificate can be found in the Secret or ConfigMap.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace the Provider type is in.Can only be defined when used in a ClusterSecretStore.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--delinea"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.delinea`

Required:

- `client_id` (Attributes) ClientID is the non-secret part of the credential. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--delinea--client_id))
- `client_secret` (Attributes) ClientSecret is the secret part of the credential. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--delinea--client_secret))
- `tenant` (String) Tenant is the chosen hostname / site name.

Optional:

- `tld` (String) TLD is based on the server location that was chosen during provisioning.If unset, defaults to 'com'.
- `url_template` (String) URLTemplateIf unset, defaults to 'https://%s.secretsvaultcloud.%s/v1/%s%s'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--delinea--client_id"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.delinea.client_id`

Optional:

- `secret_ref` (Attributes) SecretRef references a key in a secret that will be used as value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--delinea--client_id--secret_ref))
- `value` (String) Value can be specified directly to set a value without using a secret.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--delinea--client_id--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.delinea.client_id.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--delinea--client_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.delinea.client_secret`

Optional:

- `secret_ref` (Attributes) SecretRef references a key in a secret that will be used as value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--delinea--client_secret--secret_ref))
- `value` (String) Value can be specified directly to set a value without using a secret.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--delinea--client_secret--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.delinea.client_secret.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--doppler"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.doppler`

Required:

- `auth` (Attributes) Auth configures how the Operator authenticates with the Doppler API (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--doppler--auth))

Optional:

- `config` (String) Doppler config (required if not using a Service Token)
- `format` (String) Format enables the downloading of secrets as a file (string)
- `name_transformer` (String) Environment variable compatible name transforms that change secret names to a different format
- `project` (String) Doppler project (required if not using a Service Token)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--doppler--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.doppler.auth`

Required:

- `secret_ref` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--doppler--auth--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--doppler--auth--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.doppler.auth.secret_ref`

Required:

- `doppler_token` (Attributes) The DopplerToken is used for authentication.See https://docs.doppler.com/reference/api#authentication for auth token types.The Key attribute defaults to dopplerToken if not specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--doppler--auth--secret_ref--doppler_token))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--doppler--auth--secret_ref--doppler_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.doppler.auth.secret_ref.doppler_token`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--fake"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.fake`

Required:

- `data` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--fake--data))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--fake--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.fake.data`

Required:

- `key` (String)

Optional:

- `value` (String)
- `value_map` (Map of String) Deprecated: ValueMap is deprecated and is intended to be removed in the future, use the 'value' field instead.
- `version` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--fortanix"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.fortanix`

Optional:

- `api_key` (Attributes) APIKey is the API token to access SDKMS Applications. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--fortanix--api_key))
- `api_url` (String) APIURL is the URL of SDKMS API. Defaults to 'sdkms.fortanix.com'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--fortanix--api_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.fortanix.api_key`

Optional:

- `secret_ref` (Attributes) SecretRef is a reference to a secret containing the SDKMS API Key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--fortanix--api_key--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--fortanix--api_key--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.fortanix.api_key.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--gcpsm"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.gcpsm`

Optional:

- `auth` (Attributes) Auth defines the information necessary to authenticate against GCP (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--gcpsm--auth))
- `project_id` (String) ProjectID project where secret is located

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--gcpsm--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.gcpsm.auth`

Optional:

- `secret_ref` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--gcpsm--auth--secret_ref))
- `workload_identity` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--gcpsm--auth--workload_identity))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--gcpsm--auth--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.gcpsm.auth.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `secret_access_key_secret_ref` (Attributes) The SecretAccessKey is used for authentication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--gcpsm--auth--secret_ref--secret_access_key_secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--gcpsm--auth--secret_ref--secret_access_key_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.gcpsm.auth.secret_ref.secret_access_key_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--gcpsm--auth--workload_identity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.gcpsm.auth.workload_identity`

Required:

- `cluster_location` (String)
- `cluster_name` (String)
- `service_account_ref` (Attributes) A reference to a ServiceAccount resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--gcpsm--auth--workload_identity--service_account_ref))

Optional:

- `cluster_project_id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--gcpsm--auth--workload_identity--service_account_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.gcpsm.auth.workload_identity.service_account_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the ServiceAccount resource being referred to.

Optional:

- `audiences` (List of String) Audience specifies the 'aud' claim for the service account tokenIf the service account uses a well-known annotation for e.g. IRSA or GCP Workload Identitythen this audiences will be appended to the list
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--gitlab"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.gitlab`

Required:

- `auth` (Attributes) Auth configures how secret-manager authenticates with a GitLab instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--gitlab--auth))

Optional:

- `environment` (String) Environment environment_scope of gitlab CI/CD variables (Please see https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ci/environments/#create-a-static-environment on how to create environments)
- `group_i_ds` (List of String) GroupIDs specify, which gitlab groups to pull secrets from. Group secrets are read from left to right followed by the project variables.
- `inherit_from_groups` (Boolean) InheritFromGroups specifies whether parent groups should be discovered and checked for secrets.
- `project_id` (String) ProjectID specifies a project where secrets are located.
- `url` (String) URL configures the GitLab instance URL. Defaults to https://gitlab.com/.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--gitlab--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.gitlab.auth`

Required:

- `secret_ref` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--gitlab--auth--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--gitlab--auth--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.gitlab.auth.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `access_token` (Attributes) AccessToken is used for authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--gitlab--auth--secret_ref--access_token))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--gitlab--auth--secret_ref--access_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.gitlab.auth.secret_ref.access_token`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--ibm"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.ibm`

Required:

- `auth` (Attributes) Auth configures how secret-manager authenticates with the IBM secrets manager. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--ibm--auth))

Optional:

- `service_url` (String) ServiceURL is the Endpoint URL that is specific to the Secrets Manager service instance

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--ibm--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.ibm.auth`

Optional:

- `container_auth` (Attributes) IBM Container-based auth with IAM Trusted Profile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--ibm--auth--container_auth))
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--ibm--auth--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--ibm--auth--container_auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.ibm.auth.container_auth`

Required:

- `profile` (String) the IBM Trusted Profile

Optional:

- `iam_endpoint` (String)
- `token_location` (String) Location the token is mounted on the pod


<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--ibm--auth--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.ibm.auth.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `secret_api_key_secret_ref` (Attributes) The SecretAccessKey is used for authentication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--ibm--auth--secret_ref--secret_api_key_secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--ibm--auth--secret_ref--secret_api_key_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.ibm.auth.secret_ref.secret_api_key_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--keepersecurity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.keepersecurity`

Required:

- `auth_ref` (Attributes) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource,In some instances, 'key' is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--keepersecurity--auth_ref))
- `folder_id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--keepersecurity--auth_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.keepersecurity.auth_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--kubernetes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.kubernetes`

Required:

- `auth` (Attributes) Auth configures how secret-manager authenticates with a Kubernetes instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--kubernetes--auth))

Optional:

- `remote_namespace` (String) Remote namespace to fetch the secrets from
- `server` (Attributes) configures the Kubernetes server Address. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--kubernetes--server))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--kubernetes--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.kubernetes.auth`

Optional:

- `cert` (Attributes) has both clientCert and clientKey as secretKeySelector (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--kubernetes--auth--cert))
- `service_account` (Attributes) points to a service account that should be used for authentication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--kubernetes--auth--service_account))
- `token` (Attributes) use static token to authenticate with (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--kubernetes--auth--token))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--kubernetes--auth--cert"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.kubernetes.auth.cert`

Optional:

- `client_cert` (Attributes) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource,In some instances, 'key' is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--kubernetes--auth--cert--client_cert))
- `client_key` (Attributes) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource,In some instances, 'key' is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--kubernetes--auth--cert--client_key))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--kubernetes--auth--cert--client_cert"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.kubernetes.auth.cert.client_cert`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--kubernetes--auth--cert--client_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.kubernetes.auth.cert.client_key`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--kubernetes--auth--service_account"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.kubernetes.auth.service_account`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the ServiceAccount resource being referred to.

Optional:

- `audiences` (List of String) Audience specifies the 'aud' claim for the service account tokenIf the service account uses a well-known annotation for e.g. IRSA or GCP Workload Identitythen this audiences will be appended to the list
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--kubernetes--auth--token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.kubernetes.auth.token`

Optional:

- `bearer_token` (Attributes) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource,In some instances, 'key' is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--kubernetes--auth--token--bearer_token))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--kubernetes--auth--token--bearer_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.kubernetes.auth.token.bearer_token`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--kubernetes--server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.kubernetes.server`

Optional:

- `ca_bundle` (String) CABundle is a base64-encoded CA certificate
- `ca_provider` (Attributes) see: https://external-secrets.io/v0.4.1/spec/#external-secrets.io/v1alpha1.CAProvider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--kubernetes--server--ca_provider))
- `url` (String) configures the Kubernetes server Address.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--kubernetes--server--ca_provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.kubernetes.server.ca_provider`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the object located at the provider type.
- `type` (String) The type of provider to use such as 'Secret', or 'ConfigMap'.

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key where the CA certificate can be found in the Secret or ConfigMap.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace the Provider type is in.Can only be defined when used in a ClusterSecretStore.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--onboardbase"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.onboardbase`

Required:

- `api_host` (String) APIHost use this to configure the host url for the API for selfhosted installation, default is https://public.onboardbase.com/api/v1/
- `auth` (Attributes) Auth configures how the Operator authenticates with the Onboardbase API (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--onboardbase--auth))
- `environment` (String) Environment is the name of an environmnent within a project to pull the secrets from
- `project` (String) Project is an onboardbase project that the secrets should be pulled from

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--onboardbase--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.onboardbase.auth`

Required:

- `api_key_ref` (Attributes) OnboardbaseAPIKey is the APIKey generated by an admin account.It is used to recognize and authorize access to a project and environment within onboardbase (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--onboardbase--auth--api_key_ref))
- `passcode_ref` (Attributes) OnboardbasePasscode is the passcode attached to the API Key (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--onboardbase--auth--passcode_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--onboardbase--auth--api_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.onboardbase.auth.api_key_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--onboardbase--auth--passcode_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.onboardbase.auth.passcode_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--onepassword"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.onepassword`

Required:

- `auth` (Attributes) Auth defines the information necessary to authenticate against OnePassword Connect Server (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--onepassword--auth))
- `connect_host` (String) ConnectHost defines the OnePassword Connect Server to connect to
- `vaults` (Map of String) Vaults defines which OnePassword vaults to search in which order

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--onepassword--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.onepassword.auth`

Required:

- `secret_ref` (Attributes) OnePasswordAuthSecretRef holds secret references for 1Password credentials. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--onepassword--auth--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--onepassword--auth--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.onepassword.auth.secret_ref`

Required:

- `connect_token_secret_ref` (Attributes) The ConnectToken is used for authentication to a 1Password Connect Server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--onepassword--auth--secret_ref--connect_token_secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--onepassword--auth--secret_ref--connect_token_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.onepassword.auth.secret_ref.connect_token_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--oracle"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.oracle`

Required:

- `region` (String) Region is the region where vault is located.
- `vault` (String) Vault is the vault's OCID of the specific vault where secret is located.

Optional:

- `auth` (Attributes) Auth configures how secret-manager authenticates with the Oracle Vault.If empty, use the instance principal, otherwise the user credentials specified in Auth. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--oracle--auth))
- `compartment` (String) Compartment is the vault compartment OCID.Required for PushSecret
- `encryption_key` (String) EncryptionKey is the OCID of the encryption key within the vault.Required for PushSecret
- `principal_type` (String) The type of principal to use for authentication. If left blank, the Auth struct willdetermine the principal type. This optional field must be specified if usingworkload identity.
- `service_account_ref` (Attributes) ServiceAccountRef specified the service accountthat should be used when authenticating with WorkloadIdentity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--oracle--service_account_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--oracle--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.oracle.auth`

Required:

- `secret_ref` (Attributes) SecretRef to pass through sensitive information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--oracle--auth--secret_ref))
- `tenancy` (String) Tenancy is the tenancy OCID where user is located.
- `user` (String) User is an access OCID specific to the account.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--oracle--auth--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.oracle.auth.secret_ref`

Required:

- `fingerprint` (Attributes) Fingerprint is the fingerprint of the API private key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--oracle--auth--secret_ref--fingerprint))
- `privatekey` (Attributes) PrivateKey is the user's API Signing Key in PEM format, used for authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--oracle--auth--secret_ref--privatekey))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--oracle--auth--secret_ref--fingerprint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.oracle.auth.secret_ref.fingerprint`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--oracle--auth--secret_ref--privatekey"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.oracle.auth.secret_ref.privatekey`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--oracle--service_account_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.oracle.service_account_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the ServiceAccount resource being referred to.

Optional:

- `audiences` (List of String) Audience specifies the 'aud' claim for the service account tokenIf the service account uses a well-known annotation for e.g. IRSA or GCP Workload Identitythen this audiences will be appended to the list
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--passbolt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.passbolt`

Required:

- `auth` (Attributes) Auth defines the information necessary to authenticate against Passbolt Server (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--passbolt--auth))
- `host` (String) Host defines the Passbolt Server to connect to

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--passbolt--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.passbolt.auth`

Required:

- `password_secret_ref` (Attributes) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource,In some instances, 'key' is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--passbolt--auth--password_secret_ref))
- `private_key_secret_ref` (Attributes) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource,In some instances, 'key' is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--passbolt--auth--private_key_secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--passbolt--auth--password_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.passbolt.auth.password_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--passbolt--auth--private_key_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.passbolt.auth.private_key_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--passworddepot"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.passworddepot`

Required:

- `auth` (Attributes) Auth configures how secret-manager authenticates with a Password Depot instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--passworddepot--auth))
- `database` (String) Database to use as source
- `host` (String) URL configures the Password Depot instance URL.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--passworddepot--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.passworddepot.auth`

Required:

- `secret_ref` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--passworddepot--auth--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--passworddepot--auth--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.passworddepot.auth.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `credentials` (Attributes) Username / Password is used for authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--passworddepot--auth--secret_ref--credentials))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--passworddepot--auth--secret_ref--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.passworddepot.auth.secret_ref.credentials`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--pulumi"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.pulumi`

Required:

- `access_token` (Attributes) AccessToken is the access tokens to sign in to the Pulumi Cloud Console. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--pulumi--access_token))
- `environment` (String) Environment are YAML documents composed of static key-value pairs, programmatic expressions,dynamically retrieved values from supported providers including all major clouds,and other Pulumi ESC environments.To create a new environment, visit https://www.pulumi.com/docs/esc/environments/ for more information.
- `organization` (String) Organization are a space to collaborate on shared projects and stacks.To create a new organization, visit https://app.pulumi.com/ and click 'New Organization'.

Optional:

- `api_url` (String) APIURL is the URL of the Pulumi API.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--pulumi--access_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.pulumi.access_token`

Optional:

- `secret_ref` (Attributes) SecretRef is a reference to a secret containing the Pulumi API token. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--pulumi--access_token--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--pulumi--access_token--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.pulumi.access_token.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--scaleway"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.scaleway`

Required:

- `access_key` (Attributes) AccessKey is the non-secret part of the api key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--scaleway--access_key))
- `project_id` (String) ProjectID is the id of your project, which you can find in the console: https://console.scaleway.com/project/settings
- `region` (String) Region where your secrets are located: https://developers.scaleway.com/en/quickstart/#region-and-zone
- `secret_key` (Attributes) SecretKey is the non-secret part of the api key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--scaleway--secret_key))

Optional:

- `api_url` (String) APIURL is the url of the api to use. Defaults to https://api.scaleway.com

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--scaleway--access_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.scaleway.access_key`

Optional:

- `secret_ref` (Attributes) SecretRef references a key in a secret that will be used as value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--scaleway--access_key--secret_ref))
- `value` (String) Value can be specified directly to set a value without using a secret.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--scaleway--access_key--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.scaleway.access_key.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--scaleway--secret_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.scaleway.secret_key`

Optional:

- `secret_ref` (Attributes) SecretRef references a key in a secret that will be used as value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--scaleway--secret_key--secret_ref))
- `value` (String) Value can be specified directly to set a value without using a secret.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--scaleway--secret_key--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.scaleway.secret_key.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--senhasegura"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.senhasegura`

Required:

- `auth` (Attributes) Auth defines parameters to authenticate in senhasegura (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--senhasegura--auth))
- `module` (String) Module defines which senhasegura module should be used to get secrets
- `url` (String) URL of senhasegura

Optional:

- `ignore_ssl_certificate` (Boolean) IgnoreSslCertificate defines if SSL certificate must be ignored

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--senhasegura--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.senhasegura.auth`

Required:

- `client_id` (String)
- `client_secret_secret_ref` (Attributes) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource,In some instances, 'key' is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--senhasegura--auth--client_secret_secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--senhasegura--auth--client_secret_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.senhasegura.auth.client_secret_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--vault"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.vault`

Required:

- `auth` (Attributes) Auth configures how secret-manager authenticates with the Vault server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--auth))
- `server` (String) Server is the connection address for the Vault server, e.g: 'https://vault.example.com:8200'.

Optional:

- `ca_bundle` (String) PEM encoded CA bundle used to validate Vault server certificate. Only usedif the Server URL is using HTTPS protocol. This parameter is ignored forplain HTTP protocol connection. If not set the system root certificatesare used to validate the TLS connection.
- `ca_provider` (Attributes) The provider for the CA bundle to use to validate Vault server certificate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--ca_provider))
- `forward_inconsistent` (Boolean) ForwardInconsistent tells Vault to forward read-after-write requests to the Vaultleader instead of simply retrying within a loop. This can increase performance ifthe option is enabled serverside.https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/configuration/replication#allow_forwarding_via_header
- `namespace` (String) Name of the vault namespace. Namespaces is a set of features within Vault Enterprise that allowsVault environments to support Secure Multi-tenancy. e.g: 'ns1'.More about namespaces can be found here https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/enterprise/namespaces
- `path` (String) Path is the mount path of the Vault KV backend endpoint, e.g:'secret'. The v2 KV secret engine version specific '/data' path suffixfor fetching secrets from Vault is optional and will be appendedif not present in specified path.
- `read_your_writes` (Boolean) ReadYourWrites ensures isolated read-after-write semantics byproviding discovered cluster replication states in each request.More information about eventual consistency in Vault can be found herehttps://www.vaultproject.io/docs/enterprise/consistency
- `tls` (Attributes) The configuration used for client side related TLS communication, when the Vault serverrequires mutual authentication. Only used if the Server URL is using HTTPS protocol.This parameter is ignored for plain HTTP protocol connection.It's worth noting this configuration is different from the 'TLS certificates auth method',which is available under the 'auth.cert' section. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--tls))
- `version` (String) Version is the Vault KV secret engine version. This can be either 'v1' or'v2'. Version defaults to 'v2'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.vault.auth`

Optional:

- `app_role` (Attributes) AppRole authenticates with Vault using the App Role auth mechanism,with the role and secret stored in a Kubernetes Secret resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--auth--app_role))
- `cert` (Attributes) Cert authenticates with TLS Certificates by passing client certificate, private key and ca certificateCert authentication method (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--auth--cert))
- `iam` (Attributes) Iam authenticates with vault by passing a special AWS request signed with AWS IAM credentialsAWS IAM authentication method (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--auth--iam))
- `jwt` (Attributes) Jwt authenticates with Vault by passing role and JWT token using theJWT/OIDC authentication method (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--auth--jwt))
- `kubernetes` (Attributes) Kubernetes authenticates with Vault by passing the ServiceAccounttoken stored in the named Secret resource to the Vault server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--auth--kubernetes))
- `ldap` (Attributes) Ldap authenticates with Vault by passing username/password pair usingthe LDAP authentication method (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--auth--ldap))
- `namespace` (String) Name of the vault namespace to authenticate to. This can be different than the namespace your secret is in.Namespaces is a set of features within Vault Enterprise that allowsVault environments to support Secure Multi-tenancy. e.g: 'ns1'.More about namespaces can be found here https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/enterprise/namespacesThis will default to Vault.Namespace field if set, or empty otherwise
- `token_secret_ref` (Attributes) TokenSecretRef authenticates with Vault by presenting a token. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--auth--token_secret_ref))
- `user_pass` (Attributes) UserPass authenticates with Vault by passing username/password pair (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--auth--user_pass))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--auth--app_role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.vault.auth.app_role`

Required:

- `path` (String) Path where the App Role authentication backend is mountedin Vault, e.g: 'approle'
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) Reference to a key in a Secret that contains the App Role secret usedto authenticate with Vault.The 'key' field must be specified and denotes which entry within the Secretresource is used as the app role secret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--auth--app_role--secret_ref))

Optional:

- `role_id` (String) RoleID configured in the App Role authentication backend when settingup the authentication backend in Vault.
- `role_ref` (Attributes) Reference to a key in a Secret that contains the App Role ID usedto authenticate with Vault.The 'key' field must be specified and denotes which entry within the Secretresource is used as the app role id. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--auth--app_role--role_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--auth--app_role--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.vault.auth.app_role.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--auth--app_role--role_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.vault.auth.app_role.role_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--auth--cert"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.vault.auth.cert`

Optional:

- `client_cert` (Attributes) ClientCert is a certificate to authenticate using the Cert Vaultauthentication method (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--auth--cert--client_cert))
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) SecretRef to a key in a Secret resource containing client private key toauthenticate with Vault using the Cert authentication method (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--auth--cert--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--auth--cert--client_cert"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.vault.auth.cert.client_cert`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--auth--cert--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.vault.auth.cert.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--auth--iam"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.vault.auth.iam`

Required:

- `vault_role` (String) Vault Role. In vault, a role describes an identity with a set of permissions, groups, or policies you want to attach a user of the secrets engine

Optional:

- `external_id` (String) AWS External ID set on assumed IAM roles
- `jwt` (Attributes) Specify a service account with IRSA enabled (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--auth--iam--jwt))
- `path` (String) Path where the AWS auth method is enabled in Vault, e.g: 'aws'
- `region` (String) AWS region
- `role` (String) This is the AWS role to be assumed before talking to vault
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) Specify credentials in a Secret object (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--auth--iam--secret_ref))
- `vault_aws_iam_server_id` (String) X-Vault-AWS-IAM-Server-ID is an additional header used by Vault IAM auth method to mitigate against different types of replay attacks. More details here: https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/docs/auth/aws

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--auth--iam--jwt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.vault.auth.iam.jwt`

Optional:

- `service_account_ref` (Attributes) A reference to a ServiceAccount resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--auth--iam--jwt--service_account_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--auth--iam--jwt--service_account_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.vault.auth.iam.jwt.service_account_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the ServiceAccount resource being referred to.

Optional:

- `audiences` (List of String) Audience specifies the 'aud' claim for the service account tokenIf the service account uses a well-known annotation for e.g. IRSA or GCP Workload Identitythen this audiences will be appended to the list
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--auth--iam--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.vault.auth.iam.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `access_key_id_secret_ref` (Attributes) The AccessKeyID is used for authentication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--auth--iam--secret_ref--access_key_id_secret_ref))
- `secret_access_key_secret_ref` (Attributes) The SecretAccessKey is used for authentication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--auth--iam--secret_ref--secret_access_key_secret_ref))
- `session_token_secret_ref` (Attributes) The SessionToken used for authenticationThis must be defined if AccessKeyID and SecretAccessKey are temporary credentialssee: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_temp_use-resources.html (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--auth--iam--secret_ref--session_token_secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--auth--iam--secret_ref--access_key_id_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.vault.auth.iam.secret_ref.access_key_id_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--auth--iam--secret_ref--secret_access_key_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.vault.auth.iam.secret_ref.secret_access_key_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--auth--iam--secret_ref--session_token_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.vault.auth.iam.secret_ref.session_token_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--auth--jwt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.vault.auth.jwt`

Required:

- `path` (String) Path where the JWT authentication backend is mountedin Vault, e.g: 'jwt'

Optional:

- `kubernetes_service_account_token` (Attributes) Optional ServiceAccountToken specifies the Kubernetes service account for which to requesta token for with the 'TokenRequest' API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--auth--jwt--kubernetes_service_account_token))
- `role` (String) Role is a JWT role to authenticate using the JWT/OIDC Vaultauthentication method
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) Optional SecretRef that refers to a key in a Secret resource containing JWT token toauthenticate with Vault using the JWT/OIDC authentication method. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--auth--jwt--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--auth--jwt--kubernetes_service_account_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.vault.auth.jwt.kubernetes_service_account_token`

Required:

- `service_account_ref` (Attributes) Service account field containing the name of a kubernetes ServiceAccount. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--auth--jwt--kubernetes_service_account_token--service_account_ref))

Optional:

- `audiences` (List of String) Optional audiences field that will be used to request a temporary Kubernetes serviceaccount token for the service account referenced by 'serviceAccountRef'.Defaults to a single audience 'vault' it not specified.Deprecated: use serviceAccountRef.Audiences instead
- `expiration_seconds` (Number) Optional expiration time in seconds that will be used to request a temporaryKubernetes service account token for the service account referenced by'serviceAccountRef'.Deprecated: this will be removed in the future.Defaults to 10 minutes.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--auth--jwt--kubernetes_service_account_token--service_account_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.vault.auth.jwt.kubernetes_service_account_token.service_account_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the ServiceAccount resource being referred to.

Optional:

- `audiences` (List of String) Audience specifies the 'aud' claim for the service account tokenIf the service account uses a well-known annotation for e.g. IRSA or GCP Workload Identitythen this audiences will be appended to the list
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--auth--jwt--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.vault.auth.jwt.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--auth--kubernetes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.vault.auth.kubernetes`

Required:

- `mount_path` (String) Path where the Kubernetes authentication backend is mounted in Vault, e.g:'kubernetes'
- `role` (String) A required field containing the Vault Role to assume. A Role binds aKubernetes ServiceAccount with a set of Vault policies.

Optional:

- `secret_ref` (Attributes) Optional secret field containing a Kubernetes ServiceAccount JWT usedfor authenticating with Vault. If a name is specified without a key,'token' is the default. If one is not specified, the one bound tothe controller will be used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--auth--kubernetes--secret_ref))
- `service_account_ref` (Attributes) Optional service account field containing the name of a kubernetes ServiceAccount.If the service account is specified, the service account secret token JWT will be usedfor authenticating with Vault. If the service account selector is not supplied,the secretRef will be used instead. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--auth--kubernetes--service_account_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--auth--kubernetes--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.vault.auth.kubernetes.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--auth--kubernetes--service_account_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.vault.auth.kubernetes.service_account_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the ServiceAccount resource being referred to.

Optional:

- `audiences` (List of String) Audience specifies the 'aud' claim for the service account tokenIf the service account uses a well-known annotation for e.g. IRSA or GCP Workload Identitythen this audiences will be appended to the list
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--auth--ldap"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.vault.auth.ldap`

Required:

- `path` (String) Path where the LDAP authentication backend is mountedin Vault, e.g: 'ldap'
- `username` (String) Username is a LDAP user name used to authenticate using the LDAP Vaultauthentication method

Optional:

- `secret_ref` (Attributes) SecretRef to a key in a Secret resource containing password for the LDAPuser used to authenticate with Vault using the LDAP authenticationmethod (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--auth--ldap--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--auth--ldap--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.vault.auth.ldap.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--auth--token_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.vault.auth.token_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--auth--user_pass"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.vault.auth.user_pass`

Required:

- `path` (String) Path where the UserPassword authentication backend is mountedin Vault, e.g: 'user'
- `username` (String) Username is a user name used to authenticate using the UserPass Vaultauthentication method

Optional:

- `secret_ref` (Attributes) SecretRef to a key in a Secret resource containing password for theuser used to authenticate with Vault using the UserPass authenticationmethod (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--auth--user_pass--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--auth--user_pass--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.vault.auth.user_pass.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--ca_provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.vault.ca_provider`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the object located at the provider type.
- `type` (String) The type of provider to use such as 'Secret', or 'ConfigMap'.

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key where the CA certificate can be found in the Secret or ConfigMap.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace the Provider type is in.Can only be defined when used in a ClusterSecretStore.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.vault.tls`

Optional:

- `cert_secret_ref` (Attributes) CertSecretRef is a certificate added to the transport layerwhen communicating with the Vault server.If no key for the Secret is specified, external-secret will default to 'tls.crt'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--tls--cert_secret_ref))
- `key_secret_ref` (Attributes) KeySecretRef to a key in a Secret resource containing client private keyadded to the transport layer when communicating with the Vault server.If no key for the Secret is specified, external-secret will default to 'tls.key'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--tls--key_secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--tls--cert_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.vault.tls.cert_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--vault--tls--key_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.vault.tls.key_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--webhook"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.webhook`

Required:

- `result` (Attributes) Result formatting (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--webhook--result))
- `url` (String) Webhook url to call

Optional:

- `body` (String) Body
- `ca_bundle` (String) PEM encoded CA bundle used to validate webhook server certificate. Only usedif the Server URL is using HTTPS protocol. This parameter is ignored forplain HTTP protocol connection. If not set the system root certificatesare used to validate the TLS connection.
- `ca_provider` (Attributes) The provider for the CA bundle to use to validate webhook server certificate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--webhook--ca_provider))
- `headers` (Map of String) Headers
- `method` (String) Webhook Method
- `secrets` (Attributes List) Secrets to fill in templatesThese secrets will be passed to the templating function as key value pairs under the given name (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--webhook--secrets))
- `timeout` (String) Timeout

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--webhook--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.webhook.result`

Optional:

- `json_path` (String) Json path of return value


<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--webhook--ca_provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.webhook.ca_provider`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the object located at the provider type.
- `type` (String) The type of provider to use such as 'Secret', or 'ConfigMap'.

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key the value inside of the provider type to use, only used with 'Secret' type
- `namespace` (String) The namespace the Provider type is in.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--webhook--secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.webhook.secrets`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of this secret in templates
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) Secret ref to fill in credentials (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--webhook--secrets--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--webhook--secrets--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.webhook.secrets.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--yandexcertificatemanager"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.yandexcertificatemanager`

Required:

- `auth` (Attributes) Auth defines the information necessary to authenticate against Yandex Certificate Manager (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--yandexcertificatemanager--auth))

Optional:

- `api_endpoint` (String) Yandex.Cloud API endpoint (e.g. 'api.cloud.yandex.net:443')
- `ca_provider` (Attributes) The provider for the CA bundle to use to validate Yandex.Cloud server certificate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--yandexcertificatemanager--ca_provider))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--yandexcertificatemanager--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.yandexcertificatemanager.auth`

Optional:

- `authorized_key_secret_ref` (Attributes) The authorized key used for authentication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--yandexcertificatemanager--auth--authorized_key_secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--yandexcertificatemanager--auth--authorized_key_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.yandexcertificatemanager.auth.authorized_key_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--yandexcertificatemanager--ca_provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.yandexcertificatemanager.ca_provider`

Optional:

- `cert_secret_ref` (Attributes) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource,In some instances, 'key' is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--yandexcertificatemanager--ca_provider--cert_secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--yandexcertificatemanager--ca_provider--cert_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.yandexcertificatemanager.ca_provider.cert_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--yandexlockbox"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.yandexlockbox`

Required:

- `auth` (Attributes) Auth defines the information necessary to authenticate against Yandex Lockbox (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--yandexlockbox--auth))

Optional:

- `api_endpoint` (String) Yandex.Cloud API endpoint (e.g. 'api.cloud.yandex.net:443')
- `ca_provider` (Attributes) The provider for the CA bundle to use to validate Yandex.Cloud server certificate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--yandexlockbox--ca_provider))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--yandexlockbox--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.yandexlockbox.auth`

Optional:

- `authorized_key_secret_ref` (Attributes) The authorized key used for authentication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--yandexlockbox--auth--authorized_key_secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--yandexlockbox--auth--authorized_key_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.yandexlockbox.auth.authorized_key_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--yandexlockbox--ca_provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.yandexlockbox.ca_provider`

Optional:

- `cert_secret_ref` (Attributes) A reference to a specific 'key' within a Secret resource,In some instances, 'key' is a required field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--yandexlockbox--ca_provider--cert_secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--yandexlockbox--ca_provider--cert_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.yandexlockbox.ca_provider.cert_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the entry in the Secret resource's 'data' field to be used. Some instances of this field may bedefaulted, in others it may be required.
- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if referent is not cluster-scoped. cluster-scoped defaultsto the namespace of the referent.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.conditions`

Optional:

- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) Choose namespace using a labelSelector (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--conditions--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) Choose namespaces by name

<a id="nestedatt--spec--conditions--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.conditions.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--conditions--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--conditions--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.conditions.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--retry_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.retry_settings`

Optional:

- `max_retries` (Number)
- `retry_interval` (String)
