---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_fence_agents_remediation_medik8s_io_fence_agents_remediation_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "fence-agents-remediation.medik8s.io"
description: |-
  FenceAgentsRemediation is the Schema for the fenceagentsremediations API
---

# k8s_fence_agents_remediation_medik8s_io_fence_agents_remediation_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

FenceAgentsRemediation is the Schema for the fenceagentsremediations API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_fence_agents_remediation_medik8s_io_fence_agents_remediation_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) FenceAgentsRemediationSpec defines the desired state of FenceAgentsRemediation (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `agent` (String) Agent is the name of fence agent that will be used. It should have a fence_ prefix.

Optional:

- `nodeparameters` (Map of Map of String) NodeParameters are passed to the fencing agent according to the node that is fenced, since they are node specific
- `remediation_strategy` (String) RemediationStrategy is the remediation method for unhealthy nodes. Currently, it could be either 'OutOfServiceTaint' or 'ResourceDeletion'. ResourceDeletion will iterate over all pods related to the unhealthy node and delete them. OutOfServiceTaint will add the out-of-service taint which is a new well-known taint 'node.kubernetes.io/out-of-service' that enables automatic deletion of pv-attached pods on failed nodes, 'out-of-service' taint is only supported on clusters with k8s version 1.26+ or OCP/OKD version 4.13+.
- `retrycount` (Number) RetryCount is the number of times the fencing agent will be executed
- `retryinterval` (String) RetryInterval is the interval between each fencing agent execution
- `sharedparameters` (Map of String) SharedParameters are passed to the fencing agent regardless of which node is about to be fenced (i.e., they are common for all the nodes)
- `timeout` (String) Timeout is the timeout for each fencing agent execution
