---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_flows_netobserv_io_flow_collector_v1beta1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "flows.netobserv.io"
description: |-
  'FlowCollector' is the schema for the network flows collection API, which pilots and configures the underlying deployments.
---

# k8s_flows_netobserv_io_flow_collector_v1beta1_manifest (Data Source)

'FlowCollector' is the schema for the network flows collection API, which pilots and configures the underlying deployments.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_flows_netobserv_io_flow_collector_v1beta1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) Defines the desired state of the FlowCollector resource.<br><br>*: the mention of 'unsupported', or 'deprecated' for a feature throughout this document means that this featureis not officially supported by Red Hat. It might have been, for example, contributed by the communityand accepted without a formal agreement for maintenance. The product maintainers might provide some supportfor these features as a best effort only. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `agent` (Attributes) Agent configuration for flows extraction. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--agent))
- `console_plugin` (Attributes) 'consolePlugin' defines the settings related to the OpenShift Console plugin, when available. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--console_plugin))
- `deployment_model` (String) 'deploymentModel' defines the desired type of deployment for flow processing. Possible values are:<br>- 'DIRECT' (default) to make the flow processor listening directly from the agents.<br>- 'KAFKA' to make flows sent to a Kafka pipeline before consumption by the processor.<br>Kafka can provide better scalability, resiliency, and high availability (for more details, see https://www.redhat.com/en/topics/integration/what-is-apache-kafka).
- `exporters` (Attributes List) 'exporters' define additional optional exporters for custom consumption or storage. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--exporters))
- `kafka` (Attributes) Kafka configuration, allowing to use Kafka as a broker as part of the flow collection pipeline. Available when the 'spec.deploymentModel' is 'KAFKA'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--kafka))
- `loki` (Attributes) 'loki', the flow store, client settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--loki))
- `namespace` (String) Namespace where NetObserv pods are deployed.
- `processor` (Attributes) 'processor' defines the settings of the component that receives the flows from the agent,enriches them, generates metrics, and forwards them to the Loki persistence layer and/or any available exporter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--processor))
- `prometheus` (Attributes) 'prometheus' defines Prometheus settings, such as querier configuration used to fetch metrics from the Console plugin. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--prometheus))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--agent"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.agent`

Optional:

- `ebpf` (Attributes) 'ebpf' describes the settings related to the eBPF-based flow reporter when 'spec.agent.type'is set to 'EBPF'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--agent--ebpf))
- `ipfix` (Attributes) 'ipfix' [deprecated (*)] - describes the settings related to the IPFIX-based flow reporter when 'spec.agent.type'is set to 'IPFIX'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--agent--ipfix))
- `type` (String) 'type' [deprecated (*)] selects the flows tracing agent. The only possible value is 'EBPF' (default), to use NetObserv eBPF agent.<br>Previously, using an IPFIX collector was allowed, but was deprecated and it is now removed.<br>Setting 'IPFIX' is ignored and still use the eBPF Agent.Since there is only a single option here, this field will be remove in a future API version.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--agent--ebpf"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.agent.ebpf`

Optional:

- `cache_active_timeout` (String) 'cacheActiveTimeout' is the max period during which the reporter aggregates flows before sending.Increasing 'cacheMaxFlows' and 'cacheActiveTimeout' can decrease the network traffic overhead and the CPU load,however you can expect higher memory consumption and an increased latency in the flow collection.
- `cache_max_flows` (Number) 'cacheMaxFlows' is the max number of flows in an aggregate; when reached, the reporter sends the flows.Increasing 'cacheMaxFlows' and 'cacheActiveTimeout' can decrease the network traffic overhead and the CPU load,however you can expect higher memory consumption and an increased latency in the flow collection.
- `debug` (Attributes) 'debug' allows setting some aspects of the internal configuration of the eBPF agent.This section is aimed exclusively for debugging and fine-grained performance optimizations,such as 'GOGC' and 'GOMAXPROCS' env vars. Set these values at your own risk. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--agent--ebpf--debug))
- `exclude_interfaces` (List of String) 'excludeInterfaces' contains the interface names that are excluded from flow tracing.An entry enclosed by slashes, such as '/br-/', is matched as a regular expression.Otherwise it is matched as a case-sensitive string.
- `features` (List of String) List of additional features to enable. They are all disabled by default. Enabling additional features might have performance impacts. Possible values are:<br>- 'PacketDrop': enable the packets drop flows logging feature. This feature requires mountingthe kernel debug filesystem, so the eBPF pod has to run as privileged.If the 'spec.agent.ebpf.privileged' parameter is not set, an error is reported.<br>- 'DNSTracking': enable the DNS tracking feature.<br>- 'FlowRTT': enable flow latency (sRTT) extraction in the eBPF agent from TCP traffic.<br>
- `flow_filter` (Attributes) 'flowFilter' defines the eBPF agent configuration regarding flow filtering (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--agent--ebpf--flow_filter))
- `image_pull_policy` (String) 'imagePullPolicy' is the Kubernetes pull policy for the image defined above
- `interfaces` (List of String) 'interfaces' contains the interface names from where flows are collected. If empty, the agentfetches all the interfaces in the system, excepting the ones listed in ExcludeInterfaces.An entry enclosed by slashes, such as '/br-/', is matched as a regular expression.Otherwise it is matched as a case-sensitive string.
- `kafka_batch_size` (Number) 'kafkaBatchSize' limits the maximum size of a request in bytes before being sent to a partition. Ignored when not using Kafka. Default: 1MB.
- `log_level` (String) 'logLevel' defines the log level for the NetObserv eBPF Agent
- `metrics` (Attributes) 'metrics' defines the eBPF agent configuration regarding metrics (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--agent--ebpf--metrics))
- `privileged` (Boolean) Privileged mode for the eBPF Agent container. When ignored or set to 'false', the operator setsgranular capabilities (BPF, PERFMON, NET_ADMIN, SYS_RESOURCE) to the container.If for some reason these capabilities cannot be set, such as if an old kernel version not knowing CAP_BPFis in use, then you can turn on this mode for more global privileges.Some agent features require the privileged mode, such as packet drops tracking (see 'features') and SR-IOV support.
- `resources` (Attributes) 'resources' are the compute resources required by this container.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/ (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--agent--ebpf--resources))
- `sampling` (Number) Sampling rate of the flow reporter. 100 means one flow on 100 is sent. 0 or 1 means all flows are sampled.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--agent--ebpf--debug"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.agent.ebpf.debug`

Optional:

- `env` (Map of String) 'env' allows passing custom environment variables to underlying components. Useful for passingsome very concrete performance-tuning options, such as 'GOGC' and 'GOMAXPROCS', that should not bepublicly exposed as part of the FlowCollector descriptor, as they are only usefulin edge debug or support scenarios.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--agent--ebpf--flow_filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.agent.ebpf.flow_filter`

Optional:

- `action` (String) Action defines the action to perform on the flows that match the filter.
- `cidr` (String) CIDR defines the IP CIDR to filter flows by.Example: 10.10.10.0/24 or 100:100:100:100::/64
- `dest_ports` (String) DestPorts defines the destination ports to filter flows by.To filter a single port, set a single port as an integer value. For example destPorts: 80.To filter a range of ports, use a 'start-end' range, string format. For example destPorts: '80-100'.
- `direction` (String) Direction defines the direction to filter flows by.
- `enable` (Boolean) Set 'enable' to 'true' to enable eBPF flow filtering feature.
- `icmp_code` (Number) ICMPCode defines the ICMP code to filter flows by.
- `icmp_type` (Number) ICMPType defines the ICMP type to filter flows by.
- `peer_ip` (String) PeerIP defines the IP address to filter flows by.Example: 10.10.10.10
- `ports` (String) Ports defines the ports to filter flows by. it can be user for either source or destination ports.To filter a single port, set a single port as an integer value. For example ports: 80.To filter a range of ports, use a 'start-end' range, string format. For example ports: '80-10
- `protocol` (String) Protocol defines the protocol to filter flows by.
- `source_ports` (String) SourcePorts defines the source ports to filter flows by.To filter a single port, set a single port as an integer value. For example sourcePorts: 80.To filter a range of ports, use a 'start-end' range, string format. For example sourcePorts: '80-100'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--agent--ebpf--metrics"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.agent.ebpf.metrics`

Optional:

- `disable_alerts` (List of String) 'disableAlerts' is a list of alerts that should be disabled.Possible values are:<br>'NetObservDroppedFlows', which is triggered when the eBPF agent is missing packets or flows, such as when the BPF hashmap is busy or full, or the capacity limiter being triggered.<br>
- `enable` (Boolean) Set 'enable' to 'false' to disable eBPF agent metrics collection, by default it's 'true'.
- `server` (Attributes) Metrics server endpoint configuration for Prometheus scraper (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--agent--ebpf--metrics--server))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--agent--ebpf--metrics--server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.agent.ebpf.metrics.server`

Optional:

- `port` (Number) The prometheus HTTP port
- `tls` (Attributes) TLS configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--agent--ebpf--metrics--server--tls))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--agent--ebpf--metrics--server--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.agent.ebpf.metrics.server.tls`

Optional:

- `insecure_skip_verify` (Boolean) 'insecureSkipVerify' allows skipping client-side verification of the provided certificate.If set to 'true', the 'providedCaFile' field is ignored.
- `provided` (Attributes) TLS configuration when 'type' is set to 'PROVIDED'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--agent--ebpf--metrics--server--tls--provided))
- `provided_ca_file` (Attributes) Reference to the CA file when 'type' is set to 'PROVIDED'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--agent--ebpf--metrics--server--tls--provided_ca_file))
- `type` (String) Select the type of TLS configuration:<br>- 'DISABLED' (default) to not configure TLS for the endpoint.- 'PROVIDED' to manually provide cert file and a key file. [Unsupported (*)].- 'AUTO' to use OpenShift auto generated certificate using annotations.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--agent--ebpf--metrics--server--tls--provided"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.agent.ebpf.metrics.server.tls.provided`

Optional:

- `cert_file` (String) 'certFile' defines the path to the certificate file name within the config map or secret
- `cert_key` (String) 'certKey' defines the path to the certificate private key file name within the config map or secret. Omit when the key is not necessary.
- `name` (String) Name of the config map or secret containing certificates
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the config map or secret containing certificates. If omitted, the default is to use the same namespace as where NetObserv is deployed.If the namespace is different, the config map or the secret is copied so that it can be mounted as required.
- `type` (String) Type for the certificate reference: 'configmap' or 'secret'


<a id="nestedatt--spec--agent--ebpf--metrics--server--tls--provided_ca_file"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.agent.ebpf.metrics.server.tls.provided_ca_file`

Optional:

- `file` (String) File name within the config map or secret
- `name` (String) Name of the config map or secret containing the file
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the config map or secret containing the file. If omitted, the default is to use the same namespace as where NetObserv is deployed.If the namespace is different, the config map or the secret is copied so that it can be mounted as required.
- `type` (String) Type for the file reference: 'configmap' or 'secret'





<a id="nestedatt--spec--agent--ebpf--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.agent.ebpf.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims,that are used by this container.This is an alpha field and requires enabling theDynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--agent--ebpf--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required.If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified,otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--agent--ebpf--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.agent.ebpf.resources.claims`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims ofthe Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource availableinside a container.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--agent--ipfix"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.agent.ipfix`

Optional:

- `cache_active_timeout` (String) 'cacheActiveTimeout' is the max period during which the reporter aggregates flows before sending.
- `cache_max_flows` (Number) 'cacheMaxFlows' is the max number of flows in an aggregate; when reached, the reporter sends the flows.
- `cluster_network_operator` (Attributes) 'clusterNetworkOperator' defines the settings related to the OpenShift Cluster Network Operator, when available. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--agent--ipfix--cluster_network_operator))
- `force_sample_all` (Boolean) 'forceSampleAll' allows disabling sampling in the IPFIX-based flow reporter.It is not recommended to sample all the traffic with IPFIX, as it might generate cluster instability.If you REALLY want to do that, set this flag to 'true'. Use at your own risk.When it is set to 'true', the value of 'sampling' is ignored.
- `ovn_kubernetes` (Attributes) 'ovnKubernetes' defines the settings of the OVN-Kubernetes CNI, when available. This configuration is used when using OVN's IPFIX exports, without OpenShift. When using OpenShift, refer to the 'clusterNetworkOperator' property instead. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--agent--ipfix--ovn_kubernetes))
- `sampling` (Number) 'sampling' is the sampling rate on the reporter. 100 means one flow on 100 is sent.To ensure cluster stability, it is not possible to set a value below 2.If you really want to sample every packet, which might impact the cluster stability,refer to 'forceSampleAll'. Alternatively, you can use the eBPF Agent instead of IPFIX.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--agent--ipfix--cluster_network_operator"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.agent.ipfix.cluster_network_operator`

Optional:

- `namespace` (String) Namespace  where the config map is going to be deployed.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--agent--ipfix--ovn_kubernetes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.agent.ipfix.ovn_kubernetes`

Optional:

- `container_name` (String) 'containerName' defines the name of the container to configure for IPFIX.
- `daemon_set_name` (String) 'daemonSetName' defines the name of the DaemonSet controlling the OVN-Kubernetes pods.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace where OVN-Kubernetes pods are deployed.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--console_plugin"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.console_plugin`

Optional:

- `autoscaler` (Attributes) 'autoscaler' spec of a horizontal pod autoscaler to set up for the plugin Deployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--console_plugin--autoscaler))
- `enable` (Boolean) Enables the console plugin deployment.'spec.loki.enable' must also be 'true'
- `image_pull_policy` (String) 'imagePullPolicy' is the Kubernetes pull policy for the image defined above
- `log_level` (String) 'logLevel' for the console plugin backend
- `port` (Number) 'port' is the plugin service port. Do not use 9002, which is reserved for metrics.
- `port_naming` (Attributes) 'portNaming' defines the configuration of the port-to-service name translation (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--console_plugin--port_naming))
- `quick_filters` (Attributes List) 'quickFilters' configures quick filter presets for the Console plugin (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--console_plugin--quick_filters))
- `register` (Boolean) 'register' allows, when set to 'true', to automatically register the provided console plugin with the OpenShift Console operator.When set to 'false', you can still register it manually by editing console.operator.openshift.io/cluster with the following command:'oc patch console.operator.openshift.io cluster --type='json' -p '[{'op': 'add', 'path': '/spec/plugins/-', 'value': 'netobserv-plugin'}]''
- `replicas` (Number) 'replicas' defines the number of replicas (pods) to start.
- `resources` (Attributes) 'resources', in terms of compute resources, required by this container.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/ (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--console_plugin--resources))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--console_plugin--autoscaler"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.console_plugin.autoscaler`

Optional:

- `max_replicas` (Number) 'maxReplicas' is the upper limit for the number of pods that can be set by the autoscaler; cannot be smaller than MinReplicas.
- `metrics` (Attributes List) Metrics used by the pod autoscaler. For documentation, refer to https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/workload-resources/horizontal-pod-autoscaler-v2/ (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--console_plugin--autoscaler--metrics))
- `min_replicas` (Number) 'minReplicas' is the lower limit for the number of replicas to which the autoscalercan scale down. It defaults to 1 pod. minReplicas is allowed to be 0 if thealpha feature gate HPAScaleToZero is enabled and at least one Object or Externalmetric is configured. Scaling is active as long as at least one metric value isavailable.
- `status` (String) 'status' describes the desired status regarding deploying an horizontal pod autoscaler.<br>- 'DISABLED' does not deploy an horizontal pod autoscaler.<br>- 'ENABLED' deploys an horizontal pod autoscaler.<br>

<a id="nestedatt--spec--console_plugin--autoscaler--metrics"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.console_plugin.autoscaler.metrics`

Required:

- `type` (String)

Optional:

- `container_resource` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--console_plugin--autoscaler--metrics--container_resource))
- `external` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--console_plugin--autoscaler--metrics--external))
- `object` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--console_plugin--autoscaler--metrics--object))
- `pods` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--console_plugin--autoscaler--metrics--pods))
- `resource` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--console_plugin--autoscaler--metrics--resource))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--console_plugin--autoscaler--metrics--container_resource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.console_plugin.autoscaler.metrics.container_resource`

Required:

- `container` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `target` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--console_plugin--autoscaler--metrics--container_resource--target))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--console_plugin--autoscaler--metrics--container_resource--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.console_plugin.autoscaler.metrics.container_resource.target`

Required:

- `type` (String)

Optional:

- `average_utilization` (Number)
- `average_value` (String)
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--console_plugin--autoscaler--metrics--external"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.console_plugin.autoscaler.metrics.external`

Required:

- `metric` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--console_plugin--autoscaler--metrics--external--metric))
- `target` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--console_plugin--autoscaler--metrics--external--target))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--console_plugin--autoscaler--metrics--external--metric"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.console_plugin.autoscaler.metrics.external.metric`

Required:

- `name` (String)

Optional:

- `selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--console_plugin--autoscaler--metrics--external--metric--selector))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--console_plugin--autoscaler--metrics--external--metric--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.console_plugin.autoscaler.metrics.external.metric.selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--console_plugin--autoscaler--metrics--external--metric--selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--console_plugin--autoscaler--metrics--external--metric--selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.console_plugin.autoscaler.metrics.external.metric.selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)

Optional:

- `values` (List of String)




<a id="nestedatt--spec--console_plugin--autoscaler--metrics--external--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.console_plugin.autoscaler.metrics.external.target`

Required:

- `type` (String)

Optional:

- `average_utilization` (Number)
- `average_value` (String)
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--console_plugin--autoscaler--metrics--object"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.console_plugin.autoscaler.metrics.object`

Required:

- `described_object` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--console_plugin--autoscaler--metrics--object--described_object))
- `metric` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--console_plugin--autoscaler--metrics--object--metric))
- `target` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--console_plugin--autoscaler--metrics--object--target))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--console_plugin--autoscaler--metrics--object--described_object"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.console_plugin.autoscaler.metrics.object.described_object`

Required:

- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)

Optional:

- `api_version` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--console_plugin--autoscaler--metrics--object--metric"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.console_plugin.autoscaler.metrics.object.metric`

Required:

- `name` (String)

Optional:

- `selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--console_plugin--autoscaler--metrics--object--metric--selector))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--console_plugin--autoscaler--metrics--object--metric--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.console_plugin.autoscaler.metrics.object.metric.selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--console_plugin--autoscaler--metrics--object--metric--selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--console_plugin--autoscaler--metrics--object--metric--selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.console_plugin.autoscaler.metrics.object.metric.selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)

Optional:

- `values` (List of String)




<a id="nestedatt--spec--console_plugin--autoscaler--metrics--object--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.console_plugin.autoscaler.metrics.object.target`

Required:

- `type` (String)

Optional:

- `average_utilization` (Number)
- `average_value` (String)
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--console_plugin--autoscaler--metrics--pods"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.console_plugin.autoscaler.metrics.pods`

Required:

- `metric` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--console_plugin--autoscaler--metrics--pods--metric))
- `target` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--console_plugin--autoscaler--metrics--pods--target))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--console_plugin--autoscaler--metrics--pods--metric"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.console_plugin.autoscaler.metrics.pods.metric`

Required:

- `name` (String)

Optional:

- `selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--console_plugin--autoscaler--metrics--pods--metric--selector))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--console_plugin--autoscaler--metrics--pods--metric--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.console_plugin.autoscaler.metrics.pods.metric.selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--console_plugin--autoscaler--metrics--pods--metric--selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--console_plugin--autoscaler--metrics--pods--metric--selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.console_plugin.autoscaler.metrics.pods.metric.selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)

Optional:

- `values` (List of String)




<a id="nestedatt--spec--console_plugin--autoscaler--metrics--pods--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.console_plugin.autoscaler.metrics.pods.target`

Required:

- `type` (String)

Optional:

- `average_utilization` (Number)
- `average_value` (String)
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--console_plugin--autoscaler--metrics--resource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.console_plugin.autoscaler.metrics.resource`

Required:

- `name` (String)
- `target` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--console_plugin--autoscaler--metrics--resource--target))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--console_plugin--autoscaler--metrics--resource--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.console_plugin.autoscaler.metrics.resource.target`

Required:

- `type` (String)

Optional:

- `average_utilization` (Number)
- `average_value` (String)
- `value` (String)





<a id="nestedatt--spec--console_plugin--port_naming"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.console_plugin.port_naming`

Optional:

- `enable` (Boolean) Enable the console plugin port-to-service name translation
- `port_names` (Map of String) 'portNames' defines additional port names to use in the console,for example, 'portNames: {'3100': 'loki'}'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--console_plugin--quick_filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.console_plugin.quick_filters`

Required:

- `filter` (Map of String) 'filter' is a set of keys and values to be set when this filter is selected. Each key can relate to a list of values using a coma-separated string,for example, 'filter: {'src_namespace': 'namespace1,namespace2'}'.
- `name` (String) Name of the filter, that is displayed in the Console

Optional:

- `default` (Boolean) 'default' defines whether this filter should be active by default or not


<a id="nestedatt--spec--console_plugin--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.console_plugin.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims,that are used by this container.This is an alpha field and requires enabling theDynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--console_plugin--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required.If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified,otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--console_plugin--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.console_plugin.resources.claims`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims ofthe Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource availableinside a container.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--exporters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.exporters`

Required:

- `type` (String) 'type' selects the type of exporters. The available options are 'KAFKA' and 'IPFIX'.

Optional:

- `ipfix` (Attributes) IPFIX configuration, such as the IP address and port to send enriched IPFIX flows to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--exporters--ipfix))
- `kafka` (Attributes) Kafka configuration, such as the address and topic, to send enriched flows to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--exporters--kafka))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--exporters--ipfix"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.exporters.ipfix`

Required:

- `target_host` (String) Address of the IPFIX external receiver
- `target_port` (Number) Port for the IPFIX external receiver

Optional:

- `transport` (String) Transport protocol ('TCP' or 'UDP') to be used for the IPFIX connection, defaults to 'TCP'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--exporters--kafka"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.exporters.kafka`

Required:

- `address` (String) Address of the Kafka server
- `topic` (String) Kafka topic to use. It must exist. NetObserv does not create it.

Optional:

- `sasl` (Attributes) SASL authentication configuration. [Unsupported (*)]. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--exporters--kafka--sasl))
- `tls` (Attributes) TLS client configuration. When using TLS, verify that the address matches the Kafka port used for TLS, generally 9093. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--exporters--kafka--tls))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--exporters--kafka--sasl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.exporters.kafka.sasl`

Optional:

- `client_id_reference` (Attributes) Reference to the secret or config map containing the client ID (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--exporters--kafka--sasl--client_id_reference))
- `client_secret_reference` (Attributes) Reference to the secret or config map containing the client secret (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--exporters--kafka--sasl--client_secret_reference))
- `type` (String) Type of SASL authentication to use, or 'DISABLED' if SASL is not used

<a id="nestedatt--spec--exporters--kafka--sasl--client_id_reference"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.exporters.kafka.sasl.client_id_reference`

Optional:

- `file` (String) File name within the config map or secret
- `name` (String) Name of the config map or secret containing the file
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the config map or secret containing the file. If omitted, the default is to use the same namespace as where NetObserv is deployed.If the namespace is different, the config map or the secret is copied so that it can be mounted as required.
- `type` (String) Type for the file reference: 'configmap' or 'secret'


<a id="nestedatt--spec--exporters--kafka--sasl--client_secret_reference"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.exporters.kafka.sasl.client_secret_reference`

Optional:

- `file` (String) File name within the config map or secret
- `name` (String) Name of the config map or secret containing the file
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the config map or secret containing the file. If omitted, the default is to use the same namespace as where NetObserv is deployed.If the namespace is different, the config map or the secret is copied so that it can be mounted as required.
- `type` (String) Type for the file reference: 'configmap' or 'secret'



<a id="nestedatt--spec--exporters--kafka--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.exporters.kafka.tls`

Optional:

- `ca_cert` (Attributes) 'caCert' defines the reference of the certificate for the Certificate Authority (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--exporters--kafka--tls--ca_cert))
- `enable` (Boolean) Enable TLS
- `insecure_skip_verify` (Boolean) 'insecureSkipVerify' allows skipping client-side verification of the server certificate.If set to 'true', the 'caCert' field is ignored.
- `user_cert` (Attributes) 'userCert' defines the user certificate reference and is used for mTLS (you can ignore it when using one-way TLS) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--exporters--kafka--tls--user_cert))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--exporters--kafka--tls--ca_cert"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.exporters.kafka.tls.ca_cert`

Optional:

- `cert_file` (String) 'certFile' defines the path to the certificate file name within the config map or secret
- `cert_key` (String) 'certKey' defines the path to the certificate private key file name within the config map or secret. Omit when the key is not necessary.
- `name` (String) Name of the config map or secret containing certificates
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the config map or secret containing certificates. If omitted, the default is to use the same namespace as where NetObserv is deployed.If the namespace is different, the config map or the secret is copied so that it can be mounted as required.
- `type` (String) Type for the certificate reference: 'configmap' or 'secret'


<a id="nestedatt--spec--exporters--kafka--tls--user_cert"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.exporters.kafka.tls.user_cert`

Optional:

- `cert_file` (String) 'certFile' defines the path to the certificate file name within the config map or secret
- `cert_key` (String) 'certKey' defines the path to the certificate private key file name within the config map or secret. Omit when the key is not necessary.
- `name` (String) Name of the config map or secret containing certificates
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the config map or secret containing certificates. If omitted, the default is to use the same namespace as where NetObserv is deployed.If the namespace is different, the config map or the secret is copied so that it can be mounted as required.
- `type` (String) Type for the certificate reference: 'configmap' or 'secret'





<a id="nestedatt--spec--kafka"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.kafka`

Required:

- `address` (String) Address of the Kafka server
- `topic` (String) Kafka topic to use. It must exist. NetObserv does not create it.

Optional:

- `sasl` (Attributes) SASL authentication configuration. [Unsupported (*)]. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--kafka--sasl))
- `tls` (Attributes) TLS client configuration. When using TLS, verify that the address matches the Kafka port used for TLS, generally 9093. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--kafka--tls))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--kafka--sasl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.kafka.sasl`

Optional:

- `client_id_reference` (Attributes) Reference to the secret or config map containing the client ID (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--kafka--sasl--client_id_reference))
- `client_secret_reference` (Attributes) Reference to the secret or config map containing the client secret (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--kafka--sasl--client_secret_reference))
- `type` (String) Type of SASL authentication to use, or 'DISABLED' if SASL is not used

<a id="nestedatt--spec--kafka--sasl--client_id_reference"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.kafka.sasl.client_id_reference`

Optional:

- `file` (String) File name within the config map or secret
- `name` (String) Name of the config map or secret containing the file
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the config map or secret containing the file. If omitted, the default is to use the same namespace as where NetObserv is deployed.If the namespace is different, the config map or the secret is copied so that it can be mounted as required.
- `type` (String) Type for the file reference: 'configmap' or 'secret'


<a id="nestedatt--spec--kafka--sasl--client_secret_reference"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.kafka.sasl.client_secret_reference`

Optional:

- `file` (String) File name within the config map or secret
- `name` (String) Name of the config map or secret containing the file
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the config map or secret containing the file. If omitted, the default is to use the same namespace as where NetObserv is deployed.If the namespace is different, the config map or the secret is copied so that it can be mounted as required.
- `type` (String) Type for the file reference: 'configmap' or 'secret'



<a id="nestedatt--spec--kafka--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.kafka.tls`

Optional:

- `ca_cert` (Attributes) 'caCert' defines the reference of the certificate for the Certificate Authority (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--kafka--tls--ca_cert))
- `enable` (Boolean) Enable TLS
- `insecure_skip_verify` (Boolean) 'insecureSkipVerify' allows skipping client-side verification of the server certificate.If set to 'true', the 'caCert' field is ignored.
- `user_cert` (Attributes) 'userCert' defines the user certificate reference and is used for mTLS (you can ignore it when using one-way TLS) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--kafka--tls--user_cert))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--kafka--tls--ca_cert"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.kafka.tls.ca_cert`

Optional:

- `cert_file` (String) 'certFile' defines the path to the certificate file name within the config map or secret
- `cert_key` (String) 'certKey' defines the path to the certificate private key file name within the config map or secret. Omit when the key is not necessary.
- `name` (String) Name of the config map or secret containing certificates
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the config map or secret containing certificates. If omitted, the default is to use the same namespace as where NetObserv is deployed.If the namespace is different, the config map or the secret is copied so that it can be mounted as required.
- `type` (String) Type for the certificate reference: 'configmap' or 'secret'


<a id="nestedatt--spec--kafka--tls--user_cert"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.kafka.tls.user_cert`

Optional:

- `cert_file` (String) 'certFile' defines the path to the certificate file name within the config map or secret
- `cert_key` (String) 'certKey' defines the path to the certificate private key file name within the config map or secret. Omit when the key is not necessary.
- `name` (String) Name of the config map or secret containing certificates
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the config map or secret containing certificates. If omitted, the default is to use the same namespace as where NetObserv is deployed.If the namespace is different, the config map or the secret is copied so that it can be mounted as required.
- `type` (String) Type for the certificate reference: 'configmap' or 'secret'




<a id="nestedatt--spec--loki"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.loki`

Optional:

- `auth_token` (String) 'authToken' describes the way to get a token to authenticate to Loki.<br>- 'DISABLED' does not send any token with the request.<br>- 'FORWARD' forwards the user token for authorization.<br>- 'HOST' [deprecated (*)] - uses the local pod service account to authenticate to Loki.<br>When using the Loki Operator, this must be set to 'FORWARD'.
- `batch_size` (Number) 'batchSize' is the maximum batch size (in bytes) of logs to accumulate before sending.
- `batch_wait` (String) 'batchWait' is the maximum time to wait before sending a batch.
- `enable` (Boolean) Set 'enable' to 'true' to store flows in Loki.The Console plugin can use either Loki or Prometheus as a data source for metrics (see also 'spec.prometheus.querier'), or both.Not all queries are transposable from Loki to Prometheus. Hence, if Loki is disabled, some features of the plugin are disabled as well,such as getting per-pod information or viewing raw flows.If both Prometheus and Loki are enabled, Prometheus takes precedence and Loki is used as a fallback for queries that Prometheus cannot handle.If they are both disabled, the Console plugin is not deployed.
- `max_backoff` (String) 'maxBackoff' is the maximum backoff time for client connection between retries.
- `max_retries` (Number) 'maxRetries' is the maximum number of retries for client connections.
- `min_backoff` (String) 'minBackoff' is the initial backoff time for client connection between retries.
- `querier_url` (String) 'querierURL' specifies the address of the Loki querier service, in case it is different from theLoki ingester URL. If empty, the URL value is used (assuming that the Loki ingesterand querier are in the same server). When using the Loki Operator, do not set it, sinceingestion and queries use the Loki gateway.
- `read_timeout` (String) 'readTimeout' is the maximum loki query total time limit.A timeout of zero means no timeout.
- `static_labels` (Map of String) 'staticLabels' is a map of common labels to set on each flow.
- `status_tls` (Attributes) TLS client configuration for Loki status URL. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--loki--status_tls))
- `status_url` (String) 'statusURL' specifies the address of the Loki '/ready', '/metrics' and '/config' endpoints, in case it is different from theLoki querier URL. If empty, the 'querierURL' value is used.This is useful to show error messages and some context in the frontend.When using the Loki Operator, set it to the Loki HTTP query frontend service, for examplehttps://loki-query-frontend-http.netobserv.svc:3100/.'statusTLS' configuration is used when 'statusUrl' is set.
- `tenant_id` (String) 'tenantID' is the Loki 'X-Scope-OrgID' that identifies the tenant for each request.When using the Loki Operator, set it to 'network', which corresponds to a special tenant mode.
- `timeout` (String) 'timeout' is the maximum processor time connection / request limit.A timeout of zero means no timeout.
- `tls` (Attributes) TLS client configuration for Loki URL. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--loki--tls))
- `url` (String) 'url' is the address of an existing Loki service to push the flows to. When using the Loki Operator,set it to the Loki gateway service with the 'network' tenant set in path, for examplehttps://loki-gateway-http.netobserv.svc:8080/api/logs/v1/network.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--loki--status_tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.loki.status_tls`

Optional:

- `ca_cert` (Attributes) 'caCert' defines the reference of the certificate for the Certificate Authority (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--loki--status_tls--ca_cert))
- `enable` (Boolean) Enable TLS
- `insecure_skip_verify` (Boolean) 'insecureSkipVerify' allows skipping client-side verification of the server certificate.If set to 'true', the 'caCert' field is ignored.
- `user_cert` (Attributes) 'userCert' defines the user certificate reference and is used for mTLS (you can ignore it when using one-way TLS) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--loki--status_tls--user_cert))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--loki--status_tls--ca_cert"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.loki.status_tls.ca_cert`

Optional:

- `cert_file` (String) 'certFile' defines the path to the certificate file name within the config map or secret
- `cert_key` (String) 'certKey' defines the path to the certificate private key file name within the config map or secret. Omit when the key is not necessary.
- `name` (String) Name of the config map or secret containing certificates
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the config map or secret containing certificates. If omitted, the default is to use the same namespace as where NetObserv is deployed.If the namespace is different, the config map or the secret is copied so that it can be mounted as required.
- `type` (String) Type for the certificate reference: 'configmap' or 'secret'


<a id="nestedatt--spec--loki--status_tls--user_cert"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.loki.status_tls.user_cert`

Optional:

- `cert_file` (String) 'certFile' defines the path to the certificate file name within the config map or secret
- `cert_key` (String) 'certKey' defines the path to the certificate private key file name within the config map or secret. Omit when the key is not necessary.
- `name` (String) Name of the config map or secret containing certificates
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the config map or secret containing certificates. If omitted, the default is to use the same namespace as where NetObserv is deployed.If the namespace is different, the config map or the secret is copied so that it can be mounted as required.
- `type` (String) Type for the certificate reference: 'configmap' or 'secret'



<a id="nestedatt--spec--loki--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.loki.tls`

Optional:

- `ca_cert` (Attributes) 'caCert' defines the reference of the certificate for the Certificate Authority (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--loki--tls--ca_cert))
- `enable` (Boolean) Enable TLS
- `insecure_skip_verify` (Boolean) 'insecureSkipVerify' allows skipping client-side verification of the server certificate.If set to 'true', the 'caCert' field is ignored.
- `user_cert` (Attributes) 'userCert' defines the user certificate reference and is used for mTLS (you can ignore it when using one-way TLS) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--loki--tls--user_cert))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--loki--tls--ca_cert"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.loki.tls.ca_cert`

Optional:

- `cert_file` (String) 'certFile' defines the path to the certificate file name within the config map or secret
- `cert_key` (String) 'certKey' defines the path to the certificate private key file name within the config map or secret. Omit when the key is not necessary.
- `name` (String) Name of the config map or secret containing certificates
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the config map or secret containing certificates. If omitted, the default is to use the same namespace as where NetObserv is deployed.If the namespace is different, the config map or the secret is copied so that it can be mounted as required.
- `type` (String) Type for the certificate reference: 'configmap' or 'secret'


<a id="nestedatt--spec--loki--tls--user_cert"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.loki.tls.user_cert`

Optional:

- `cert_file` (String) 'certFile' defines the path to the certificate file name within the config map or secret
- `cert_key` (String) 'certKey' defines the path to the certificate private key file name within the config map or secret. Omit when the key is not necessary.
- `name` (String) Name of the config map or secret containing certificates
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the config map or secret containing certificates. If omitted, the default is to use the same namespace as where NetObserv is deployed.If the namespace is different, the config map or the secret is copied so that it can be mounted as required.
- `type` (String) Type for the certificate reference: 'configmap' or 'secret'




<a id="nestedatt--spec--processor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.processor`

Optional:

- `add_zone` (Boolean) 'addZone' allows availability zone awareness by labelling flows with their source and destination zones.This feature requires the 'topology.kubernetes.io/zone' label to be set on nodes.
- `cluster_name` (String) 'clusterName' is the name of the cluster to appear in the flows data. This is useful in a multi-cluster context. When using OpenShift, leave empty to make it automatically determined.
- `conversation_end_timeout` (String) 'conversationEndTimeout' is the time to wait after a network flow is received, to consider the conversation ended.This delay is ignored when a FIN packet is collected for TCP flows (see 'conversationTerminatingTimeout' instead).
- `conversation_heartbeat_interval` (String) 'conversationHeartbeatInterval' is the time to wait between 'tick' events of a conversation
- `conversation_terminating_timeout` (String) 'conversationTerminatingTimeout' is the time to wait from detected FIN flag to end a conversation. Only relevant for TCP flows.
- `debug` (Attributes) 'debug' allows setting some aspects of the internal configuration of the flow processor.This section is aimed exclusively for debugging and fine-grained performance optimizations,such as 'GOGC' and 'GOMAXPROCS' env vars. Set these values at your own risk. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--processor--debug))
- `drop_unused_fields` (Boolean) 'dropUnusedFields' [deprecated (*)] this setting is not used anymore.
- `enable_kube_probes` (Boolean) 'enableKubeProbes' is a flag to enable or disable Kubernetes liveness and readiness probes
- `health_port` (Number) 'healthPort' is a collector HTTP port in the Pod that exposes the health check API
- `image_pull_policy` (String) 'imagePullPolicy' is the Kubernetes pull policy for the image defined above
- `kafka_consumer_autoscaler` (Attributes) 'kafkaConsumerAutoscaler' is the spec of a horizontal pod autoscaler to set up for 'flowlogs-pipeline-transformer', which consumes Kafka messages.This setting is ignored when Kafka is disabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--processor--kafka_consumer_autoscaler))
- `kafka_consumer_batch_size` (Number) 'kafkaConsumerBatchSize' indicates to the broker the maximum batch size, in bytes, that the consumer accepts. Ignored when not using Kafka. Default: 10MB.
- `kafka_consumer_queue_capacity` (Number) 'kafkaConsumerQueueCapacity' defines the capacity of the internal message queue used in the Kafka consumer client. Ignored when not using Kafka.
- `kafka_consumer_replicas` (Number) 'kafkaConsumerReplicas' defines the number of replicas (pods) to start for 'flowlogs-pipeline-transformer', which consumes Kafka messages.This setting is ignored when Kafka is disabled.
- `log_level` (String) 'logLevel' of the processor runtime
- `log_types` (String) 'logTypes' defines the desired record types to generate. Possible values are:<br>- 'FLOWS' (default) to export regular network flows<br>- 'CONVERSATIONS' to generate events for started conversations, ended conversations as well as periodic 'tick' updates<br>- 'ENDED_CONVERSATIONS' to generate only ended conversations events<br>- 'ALL' to generate both network flows and all conversations events<br>
- `metrics` (Attributes) 'Metrics' define the processor configuration regarding metrics (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--processor--metrics))
- `multi_cluster_deployment` (Boolean) Set 'multiClusterDeployment' to 'true' to enable multi clusters feature. This adds clusterName label to flows data
- `port` (Number) Port of the flow collector (host port).By convention, some values are forbidden. It must be greater than 1024 and different from4500, 4789 and 6081.
- `profile_port` (Number) 'profilePort' allows setting up a Go pprof profiler listening to this port
- `resources` (Attributes) 'resources' are the compute resources required by this container.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/ (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--processor--resources))
- `subnet_labels` (Attributes) 'subnetLabels' allows to define custom labels on subnets and IPs or to enable automatic labelling of recognized subnets in OpenShift.When a subnet matches the source or destination IP of a flow, a corresponding field is added: 'SrcSubnetLabel' or 'DstSubnetLabel'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--processor--subnet_labels))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--processor--debug"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.processor.debug`

Optional:

- `env` (Map of String) 'env' allows passing custom environment variables to underlying components. Useful for passingsome very concrete performance-tuning options, such as 'GOGC' and 'GOMAXPROCS', that should not bepublicly exposed as part of the FlowCollector descriptor, as they are only usefulin edge debug or support scenarios.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--processor--kafka_consumer_autoscaler"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.processor.kafka_consumer_autoscaler`

Optional:

- `max_replicas` (Number) 'maxReplicas' is the upper limit for the number of pods that can be set by the autoscaler; cannot be smaller than MinReplicas.
- `metrics` (Attributes List) Metrics used by the pod autoscaler. For documentation, refer to https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/workload-resources/horizontal-pod-autoscaler-v2/ (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--processor--kafka_consumer_autoscaler--metrics))
- `min_replicas` (Number) 'minReplicas' is the lower limit for the number of replicas to which the autoscalercan scale down. It defaults to 1 pod. minReplicas is allowed to be 0 if thealpha feature gate HPAScaleToZero is enabled and at least one Object or Externalmetric is configured. Scaling is active as long as at least one metric value isavailable.
- `status` (String) 'status' describes the desired status regarding deploying an horizontal pod autoscaler.<br>- 'DISABLED' does not deploy an horizontal pod autoscaler.<br>- 'ENABLED' deploys an horizontal pod autoscaler.<br>

<a id="nestedatt--spec--processor--kafka_consumer_autoscaler--metrics"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.processor.kafka_consumer_autoscaler.metrics`

Required:

- `type` (String)

Optional:

- `container_resource` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--processor--kafka_consumer_autoscaler--metrics--container_resource))
- `external` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--processor--kafka_consumer_autoscaler--metrics--external))
- `object` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--processor--kafka_consumer_autoscaler--metrics--object))
- `pods` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--processor--kafka_consumer_autoscaler--metrics--pods))
- `resource` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--processor--kafka_consumer_autoscaler--metrics--resource))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--processor--kafka_consumer_autoscaler--metrics--container_resource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.processor.kafka_consumer_autoscaler.metrics.container_resource`

Required:

- `container` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `target` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--processor--kafka_consumer_autoscaler--metrics--container_resource--target))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--processor--kafka_consumer_autoscaler--metrics--container_resource--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.processor.kafka_consumer_autoscaler.metrics.container_resource.target`

Required:

- `type` (String)

Optional:

- `average_utilization` (Number)
- `average_value` (String)
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--processor--kafka_consumer_autoscaler--metrics--external"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.processor.kafka_consumer_autoscaler.metrics.external`

Required:

- `metric` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--processor--kafka_consumer_autoscaler--metrics--external--metric))
- `target` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--processor--kafka_consumer_autoscaler--metrics--external--target))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--processor--kafka_consumer_autoscaler--metrics--external--metric"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.processor.kafka_consumer_autoscaler.metrics.external.metric`

Required:

- `name` (String)

Optional:

- `selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--processor--kafka_consumer_autoscaler--metrics--external--metric--selector))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--processor--kafka_consumer_autoscaler--metrics--external--metric--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.processor.kafka_consumer_autoscaler.metrics.external.metric.selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--processor--kafka_consumer_autoscaler--metrics--external--metric--selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--processor--kafka_consumer_autoscaler--metrics--external--metric--selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.processor.kafka_consumer_autoscaler.metrics.external.metric.selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)

Optional:

- `values` (List of String)




<a id="nestedatt--spec--processor--kafka_consumer_autoscaler--metrics--external--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.processor.kafka_consumer_autoscaler.metrics.external.target`

Required:

- `type` (String)

Optional:

- `average_utilization` (Number)
- `average_value` (String)
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--processor--kafka_consumer_autoscaler--metrics--object"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.processor.kafka_consumer_autoscaler.metrics.object`

Required:

- `described_object` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--processor--kafka_consumer_autoscaler--metrics--object--described_object))
- `metric` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--processor--kafka_consumer_autoscaler--metrics--object--metric))
- `target` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--processor--kafka_consumer_autoscaler--metrics--object--target))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--processor--kafka_consumer_autoscaler--metrics--object--described_object"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.processor.kafka_consumer_autoscaler.metrics.object.described_object`

Required:

- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)

Optional:

- `api_version` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--processor--kafka_consumer_autoscaler--metrics--object--metric"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.processor.kafka_consumer_autoscaler.metrics.object.metric`

Required:

- `name` (String)

Optional:

- `selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--processor--kafka_consumer_autoscaler--metrics--object--metric--selector))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--processor--kafka_consumer_autoscaler--metrics--object--metric--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.processor.kafka_consumer_autoscaler.metrics.object.metric.selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--processor--kafka_consumer_autoscaler--metrics--object--metric--selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--processor--kafka_consumer_autoscaler--metrics--object--metric--selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.processor.kafka_consumer_autoscaler.metrics.object.metric.selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)

Optional:

- `values` (List of String)




<a id="nestedatt--spec--processor--kafka_consumer_autoscaler--metrics--object--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.processor.kafka_consumer_autoscaler.metrics.object.target`

Required:

- `type` (String)

Optional:

- `average_utilization` (Number)
- `average_value` (String)
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--processor--kafka_consumer_autoscaler--metrics--pods"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.processor.kafka_consumer_autoscaler.metrics.pods`

Required:

- `metric` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--processor--kafka_consumer_autoscaler--metrics--pods--metric))
- `target` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--processor--kafka_consumer_autoscaler--metrics--pods--target))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--processor--kafka_consumer_autoscaler--metrics--pods--metric"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.processor.kafka_consumer_autoscaler.metrics.pods.metric`

Required:

- `name` (String)

Optional:

- `selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--processor--kafka_consumer_autoscaler--metrics--pods--metric--selector))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--processor--kafka_consumer_autoscaler--metrics--pods--metric--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.processor.kafka_consumer_autoscaler.metrics.pods.metric.selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--processor--kafka_consumer_autoscaler--metrics--pods--metric--selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--processor--kafka_consumer_autoscaler--metrics--pods--metric--selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.processor.kafka_consumer_autoscaler.metrics.pods.metric.selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)

Optional:

- `values` (List of String)




<a id="nestedatt--spec--processor--kafka_consumer_autoscaler--metrics--pods--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.processor.kafka_consumer_autoscaler.metrics.pods.target`

Required:

- `type` (String)

Optional:

- `average_utilization` (Number)
- `average_value` (String)
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--processor--kafka_consumer_autoscaler--metrics--resource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.processor.kafka_consumer_autoscaler.metrics.resource`

Required:

- `name` (String)
- `target` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--processor--kafka_consumer_autoscaler--metrics--resource--target))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--processor--kafka_consumer_autoscaler--metrics--resource--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.processor.kafka_consumer_autoscaler.metrics.resource.target`

Required:

- `type` (String)

Optional:

- `average_utilization` (Number)
- `average_value` (String)
- `value` (String)





<a id="nestedatt--spec--processor--metrics"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.processor.metrics`

Optional:

- `disable_alerts` (List of String) 'disableAlerts' is a list of alerts that should be disabled.Possible values are:<br>'NetObservNoFlows', which is triggered when no flows are being observed for a certain period.<br>'NetObservLokiError', which is triggered when flows are being dropped due to Loki errors.<br>
- `ignore_tags` (List of String) 'ignoreTags' [deprecated (*)] is a list of tags to specify which metrics to ignore. Each metric is associated with a list of tags. More details in https://github.com/netobserv/network-observability-operator/tree/main/controllers/flowlogspipeline/metrics_definitions .Available tags are: 'egress', 'ingress', 'flows', 'bytes', 'packets', 'namespaces', 'nodes', 'workloads', 'nodes-flows', 'namespaces-flows', 'workloads-flows'.Namespace-based metrics are covered by both 'workloads' and 'namespaces' tags, hence it is recommended to always ignore one of them ('workloads' offering a finer granularity).<br>Deprecation notice: use 'includeList' instead.
- `include_list` (List of String) 'includeList' is a list of metric names to specify which ones to generate.The names correspond to the names in Prometheus without the prefix. For example,'namespace_egress_packets_total' will show up as 'netobserv_namespace_egress_packets_total' in Prometheus.Note that the more metrics you add, the bigger is the impact on Prometheus workload resources.Metrics enabled by default are:'namespace_flows_total', 'node_ingress_bytes_total', 'workload_ingress_bytes_total', 'namespace_drop_packets_total' (when 'PacketDrop' feature is enabled),'namespace_rtt_seconds' (when 'FlowRTT' feature is enabled), 'namespace_dns_latency_seconds' (when 'DNSTracking' feature is enabled).More information, with full list of available metrics: https://github.com/netobserv/network-observability-operator/blob/main/docs/Metrics.md
- `server` (Attributes) Metrics server endpoint configuration for Prometheus scraper (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--processor--metrics--server))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--processor--metrics--server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.processor.metrics.server`

Optional:

- `port` (Number) The prometheus HTTP port
- `tls` (Attributes) TLS configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--processor--metrics--server--tls))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--processor--metrics--server--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.processor.metrics.server.tls`

Optional:

- `insecure_skip_verify` (Boolean) 'insecureSkipVerify' allows skipping client-side verification of the provided certificate.If set to 'true', the 'providedCaFile' field is ignored.
- `provided` (Attributes) TLS configuration when 'type' is set to 'PROVIDED'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--processor--metrics--server--tls--provided))
- `provided_ca_file` (Attributes) Reference to the CA file when 'type' is set to 'PROVIDED'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--processor--metrics--server--tls--provided_ca_file))
- `type` (String) Select the type of TLS configuration:<br>- 'DISABLED' (default) to not configure TLS for the endpoint.- 'PROVIDED' to manually provide cert file and a key file. [Unsupported (*)].- 'AUTO' to use OpenShift auto generated certificate using annotations.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--processor--metrics--server--tls--provided"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.processor.metrics.server.tls.provided`

Optional:

- `cert_file` (String) 'certFile' defines the path to the certificate file name within the config map or secret
- `cert_key` (String) 'certKey' defines the path to the certificate private key file name within the config map or secret. Omit when the key is not necessary.
- `name` (String) Name of the config map or secret containing certificates
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the config map or secret containing certificates. If omitted, the default is to use the same namespace as where NetObserv is deployed.If the namespace is different, the config map or the secret is copied so that it can be mounted as required.
- `type` (String) Type for the certificate reference: 'configmap' or 'secret'


<a id="nestedatt--spec--processor--metrics--server--tls--provided_ca_file"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.processor.metrics.server.tls.provided_ca_file`

Optional:

- `file` (String) File name within the config map or secret
- `name` (String) Name of the config map or secret containing the file
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the config map or secret containing the file. If omitted, the default is to use the same namespace as where NetObserv is deployed.If the namespace is different, the config map or the secret is copied so that it can be mounted as required.
- `type` (String) Type for the file reference: 'configmap' or 'secret'





<a id="nestedatt--spec--processor--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.processor.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims,that are used by this container.This is an alpha field and requires enabling theDynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--processor--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required.If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified,otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--processor--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.processor.resources.claims`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims ofthe Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource availableinside a container.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--processor--subnet_labels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.processor.subnet_labels`

Optional:

- `custom_labels` (Attributes List) 'customLabels' allows to customize subnets and IPs labelling, such as to identify cluster-external workloads or web services.If you enable 'openShiftAutoDetect', 'customLabels' can override the detected subnets in case they overlap. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--processor--subnet_labels--custom_labels))
- `open_shift_auto_detect` (Boolean) 'openShiftAutoDetect' allows, when set to 'true', to detect automatically the machines, pods and services subnets based on theOpenShift install configuration and the Cluster Network Operator configuration. Indirectly, this is a way to accurately detectexternal traffic: flows that are not labeled for those subnets are external to the cluster. Enabled by default on OpenShift.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--processor--subnet_labels--custom_labels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.processor.subnet_labels.custom_labels`

Optional:

- `cidrs` (List of String) List of CIDRs, such as '['1.2.3.4/32']'.
- `name` (String) Label name, used to flag matching flows.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--prometheus"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.prometheus`

Optional:

- `querier` (Attributes) Prometheus querying configuration, such as client settings, used in the Console plugin. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--prometheus--querier))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--prometheus--querier"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.prometheus.querier`

Optional:

- `enable` (Boolean) Set 'enable' to 'true' to make the Console plugin querying flow metrics from Prometheus instead of Loki whenever possible.The Console plugin can use either Loki or Prometheus as a data source for metrics (see also 'spec.loki'), or both.Not all queries are transposable from Loki to Prometheus. Hence, if Loki is disabled, some features of the plugin are disabled as well,such as getting per-pod information or viewing raw flows.If both Prometheus and Loki are enabled, Prometheus takes precedence and Loki is used as a fallback for queries that Prometheus cannot handle.If they are both disabled, the Console plugin is not deployed.
- `manual` (Attributes) Prometheus configuration for 'Manual' mode. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--prometheus--querier--manual))
- `mode` (String) 'mode' must be set according to the type of Prometheus installation that stores NetObserv metrics:<br>- Use 'Auto' to try configuring automatically. In OpenShift, it uses the Thanos querier from OpenShift Cluster Monitoring<br>- Use 'Manual' for a manual setup<br>
- `timeout` (String) 'timeout' is the read timeout for console plugin queries to Prometheus.A timeout of zero means no timeout.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--prometheus--querier--manual"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.prometheus.querier.manual`

Optional:

- `forward_user_token` (Boolean) Set 'true' to forward logged in user token in queries to Prometheus
- `tls` (Attributes) TLS client configuration for Prometheus URL. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--prometheus--querier--manual--tls))
- `url` (String) 'url' is the address of an existing Prometheus service to use for querying metrics.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--prometheus--querier--manual--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.prometheus.querier.manual.tls`

Optional:

- `ca_cert` (Attributes) 'caCert' defines the reference of the certificate for the Certificate Authority (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--prometheus--querier--manual--tls--ca_cert))
- `enable` (Boolean) Enable TLS
- `insecure_skip_verify` (Boolean) 'insecureSkipVerify' allows skipping client-side verification of the server certificate.If set to 'true', the 'caCert' field is ignored.
- `user_cert` (Attributes) 'userCert' defines the user certificate reference and is used for mTLS (you can ignore it when using one-way TLS) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--prometheus--querier--manual--tls--user_cert))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--prometheus--querier--manual--tls--ca_cert"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.prometheus.querier.manual.tls.ca_cert`

Optional:

- `cert_file` (String) 'certFile' defines the path to the certificate file name within the config map or secret
- `cert_key` (String) 'certKey' defines the path to the certificate private key file name within the config map or secret. Omit when the key is not necessary.
- `name` (String) Name of the config map or secret containing certificates
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the config map or secret containing certificates. If omitted, the default is to use the same namespace as where NetObserv is deployed.If the namespace is different, the config map or the secret is copied so that it can be mounted as required.
- `type` (String) Type for the certificate reference: 'configmap' or 'secret'


<a id="nestedatt--spec--prometheus--querier--manual--tls--user_cert"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.prometheus.querier.manual.tls.user_cert`

Optional:

- `cert_file` (String) 'certFile' defines the path to the certificate file name within the config map or secret
- `cert_key` (String) 'certKey' defines the path to the certificate private key file name within the config map or secret. Omit when the key is not necessary.
- `name` (String) Name of the config map or secret containing certificates
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the config map or secret containing certificates. If omitted, the default is to use the same namespace as where NetObserv is deployed.If the namespace is different, the config map or the secret is copied so that it can be mounted as required.
- `type` (String) Type for the certificate reference: 'configmap' or 'secret'
