---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_fluentd_fluent_io_output_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "fluentd.fluent.io"
description: |-
  Output is the Schema for the outputs API
---

# k8s_fluentd_fluent_io_output_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

Output is the Schema for the outputs API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_fluentd_fluent_io_output_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) OutputSpec defines the desired state of Output (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `outputs` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs`

Optional:

- `buffer` (Attributes) buffer section (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--buffer))
- `cloud_watch` (Attributes) out_cloudwatch plugin (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--cloud_watch))
- `copy` (Attributes) copy plugin (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--copy))
- `custom_plugin` (Attributes) Custom plugin type (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--custom_plugin))
- `datadog` (Attributes) datadog plugin (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--datadog))
- `elasticsearch` (Attributes) out_es plugin (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch))
- `elasticsearch_data_stream` (Attributes) out_es datastreams plugin (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch_data_stream))
- `format` (Attributes) format section (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--format))
- `forward` (Attributes) out_forward plugin (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--forward))
- `http` (Attributes) out_http plugin (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--http))
- `inject` (Attributes) inject section (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--inject))
- `kafka` (Attributes) out_kafka plugin (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--kafka))
- `log_level` (String) The @log_level parameter specifies the plugin-specific logging level
- `loki` (Attributes) out_loki plugin (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--loki))
- `opensearch` (Attributes) out_opensearch plugin (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--opensearch))
- `s3` (Attributes) out_s3 plugin (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--s3))
- `stdout` (Map of String) out_stdout plugin
- `tag` (String) Which tag to be matched.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--buffer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.buffer`

Required:

- `type` (String) The @type parameter specifies the type of the plugin.

Optional:

- `calc_num_records` (String) Calculates the number of records, chunk size, during chunk resume.
- `chunk_format` (String) ChunkFormat specifies the chunk format for calc_num_records.
- `chunk_limit_records` (String) The max number of events that each chunks can store in it.
- `chunk_limit_size` (String) Buffer parametersThe max size of each chunks: events will be written into chunks until the size of chunks become this sizeDefault: 8MB (memory) / 256MB (file)
- `compress` (String) Fluentd will decompress these compressed chunks automatically before passing them to the output pluginIf gzip is set, Fluentd compresses data records before writing to buffer chunks.Default:text.
- `delayed_commit_timeout` (String) The timeout (seconds) until output plugin decides if the async write operation has failed. Default is 60s
- `disable_chunk_backup` (Boolean) Instead of storing unrecoverable chunks in the backup directory, just discard them. This option is new in Fluentd v1.2.6.
- `flush_at_shutdown` (Boolean) Flush parametersThis specifies whether to flush/write all buffer chunks on shutdown or not.
- `flush_interval` (String) FlushInterval defines the flush interval
- `flush_mode` (String) FlushMode defines the flush mode:lazy: flushes/writes chunks once per timekeyinterval: flushes/writes chunks per specified time via flush_intervalimmediate: flushes/writes chunks immediately after events are appended into chunksdefault: equals to lazy if time is specified as chunk key, interval otherwise
- `flush_thread_count` (String) The number of threads to flush/write chunks in parallel
- `id` (String) The @id parameter specifies a unique name for the configuration.
- `localtime` (Boolean) If true, uses local time.
- `log_level` (String) The @log_level parameter specifies the plugin-specific logging level
- `overflow_action` (String) OverflowAtction defines the output plugin behave when its buffer queue is full.Default: throw_exception
- `path` (String) The path where buffer chunks are stored. This field would make no effect in memory buffer plugin.
- `path_suffix` (String) Changes the suffix of the buffer file.
- `queue_limit_length` (String) The queue length limitation of this buffer plugin instance. Default: 0.95
- `queued_chunks_limit_size` (Number) Limit the number of queued chunks. Default: 1If a smaller flush_interval is set, e.g. 1s,there are lots of small queued chunks in the buffer.With file buffer, it may consume a lot of fd resources when output destination has a problem.This parameter mitigates such situations.
- `retry_exponential_backoff_base` (String) The base number of exponential backoff for retries.
- `retry_forever` (Boolean) If true, plugin will ignore retry_timeout and retry_max_times options and retry flushing forever.
- `retry_max_interval` (String) The maximum interval (seconds) for exponential backoff between retries while failing
- `retry_max_times` (Number) The maximum number of times to retry to flush the failed chunks. Default: none
- `retry_randomize` (Boolean) If true, the output plugin will retry after randomized interval not to do burst retries
- `retry_secondary_threshold` (String) The ratio of retry_timeout to switch to use the secondary while failing.
- `retry_timeout` (String) Retry parametersThe maximum time (seconds) to retry to flush again the failed chunks, until the plugin discards the buffer chunks
- `retry_type` (String) Output plugin will retry periodically with fixed intervals.
- `retry_wait` (String) Wait in seconds before the next retry to flush or constant factor of exponential backoff
- `tag` (String) The output plugins group events into chunks.Chunk keys, specified as the argument of <buffer> section, control how to group events into chunks.If tag is empty, which means blank Chunk Keys.Tag also supports Nested Field, combination of Chunk Keys, placeholders, etc.See https://docs.fluentd.org/configuration/buffer-section.
- `time_format` (String) Process value according to the specified format. This is available only when time_type is string
- `time_format_fallbacks` (String) Uses the specified time format as a fallback in the specified order. You can parse undetermined time format by using time_format_fallbacks. This options is enabled when time_type is mixed.
- `time_type` (String) parses/formats value according to this type, default is string
- `timekey` (String) Output plugin will flush chunks per specified time (enabled when time is specified in chunk keys)
- `timekey_wait` (String) Output plugin will write chunks after timekey_wait seconds later after timekey expiration
- `timezone` (String) Uses the specified timezone.
- `total_limit_size` (String) The size limitation of this buffer plugin instanceDefault: 512MB (memory) / 64GB (file)
- `utc` (Boolean) If true, uses UTC.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--cloud_watch"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.cloud_watch`

Optional:

- `auto_create_stream` (Boolean)
- `aws_ecs_authentication` (Boolean)
- `aws_key_id` (Attributes) Secret defines the key of a value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--cloud_watch--aws_key_id))
- `aws_sec_key` (Attributes) Secret defines the key of a value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--cloud_watch--aws_sec_key))
- `aws_sts_duration_seconds` (String)
- `aws_sts_endpoint_url` (String)
- `aws_sts_external_id` (String)
- `aws_sts_policy` (String)
- `aws_sts_role_arn` (String)
- `aws_sts_session_name` (String)
- `aws_use_sts` (Boolean)
- `concurrency` (Number)
- `duration_seconds` (String)
- `endpoint` (String) Specify an AWS endpoint to send data to.
- `http_proxy` (String)
- `include_time_key` (Boolean)
- `json_handler` (String)
- `localtime` (Boolean)
- `log_group_aws_tags` (String)
- `log_group_aws_tags_key` (String)
- `log_group_name` (String)
- `log_group_name_key` (String)
- `log_rejected_request` (String)
- `log_stream_name` (String)
- `log_stream_name_key` (String)
- `max_events_per_batch` (String)
- `max_message_length` (String)
- `message_keys` (String)
- `policy` (String)
- `put_log_events_disable_retry_limit` (Boolean)
- `put_log_events_retry_limit` (String)
- `put_log_events_retry_wait` (String)
- `region` (String) The AWS region.
- `remove_log_group_aws_tags_key` (Boolean)
- `remove_log_group_name_key` (Boolean)
- `remove_log_stream_name_key` (Boolean)
- `remove_retention_in_days_key` (Boolean)
- `retention_in_days` (String)
- `retention_in_days_key` (String)
- `role_arn` (String) ARN of an IAM role to assume (for cross account access).
- `role_session_name` (String) Role Session name
- `ssl_verify_peer` (Boolean)
- `use_tag_as_group` (String)
- `use_tag_as_stream` (String)
- `web_identity_token_file` (String) Web identity token file

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--cloud_watch--aws_key_id"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.cloud_watch.aws_key_id`

Optional:

- `value_from` (Attributes) ValueSource defines how to find a value's key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--cloud_watch--aws_key_id--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--cloud_watch--aws_key_id--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.cloud_watch.aws_key_id.value_from`

Optional:

- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a secret in the pod's namespace (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--cloud_watch--aws_key_id--value_from--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--cloud_watch--aws_key_id--value_from--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.cloud_watch.aws_key_id.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined




<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--cloud_watch--aws_sec_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.cloud_watch.aws_sec_key`

Optional:

- `value_from` (Attributes) ValueSource defines how to find a value's key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--cloud_watch--aws_sec_key--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--cloud_watch--aws_sec_key--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.cloud_watch.aws_sec_key.value_from`

Optional:

- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a secret in the pod's namespace (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--cloud_watch--aws_sec_key--value_from--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--cloud_watch--aws_sec_key--value_from--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.cloud_watch.aws_sec_key.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined





<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--copy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.copy`

Required:

- `copy_mode` (String) CopyMode defines how to pass the events to <store> plugins.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--custom_plugin"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.custom_plugin`

Required:

- `config` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--datadog"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.datadog`

Optional:

- `api_key` (Attributes) This parameter is required in order to authenticate your fluent agent. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--datadog--api_key))
- `compression_level` (Number) Set the log compression level for HTTP (1 to 9, 9 being the best ratio)
- `dd_hostname` (String) Used by Datadog to identify the host submitting the logs.
- `dd_source` (String) This tells Datadog what integration it is
- `dd_sourcecategory` (String) Multiple value attribute. Can be used to refine the source attribute
- `dd_tags` (String) Custom tags with the following format 'key1:value1, key2:value2'
- `host` (String) Proxy endpoint when logs are not directly forwarded to Datadog
- `http_proxy` (String) HTTP proxy, only takes effect if HTTP forwarding is enabled (use_http). Defaults to HTTP_PROXY/http_proxy env vars.
- `include_tag_key` (Boolean) Automatically include the Fluentd tag in the record.
- `max_backoff` (Number) The maximum time waited between each retry in seconds
- `max_retries` (Number) The number of retries before the output plugin stops. Set to -1 for unlimited retries
- `no_ssl_validation` (Boolean) Disable SSL validation (useful for proxy forwarding)
- `port` (Number) Proxy port when logs are not directly forwarded to Datadog and ssl is not used
- `service` (String) Used by Datadog to correlate between logs, traces and metrics.
- `ssl_port` (Number) Port used to send logs over a SSL encrypted connection to Datadog. If use_http is disabled, use 10516 for the US region and 443 for the EU region.
- `tag_key` (String) Where to store the Fluentd tag.
- `timestamp_key` (String) Name of the attribute which will contain timestamp of the log event. If nil, timestamp attribute is not added.
- `use_compression` (Boolean) Enable log compression for HTTP
- `use_http` (Boolean) Enable HTTP forwarding. If you disable it, make sure to change the port to 10514 or ssl_port to 10516
- `use_json` (Boolean) Event format, if true, the event is sent in json format. Othwerwise, in plain text.
- `use_ssl` (Boolean) If true, the agent initializes a secure connection to Datadog. In clear TCP otherwise.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--datadog--api_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.datadog.api_key`

Optional:

- `value_from` (Attributes) ValueSource defines how to find a value's key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--datadog--api_key--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--datadog--api_key--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.datadog.api_key.value_from`

Optional:

- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a secret in the pod's namespace (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--datadog--api_key--value_from--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--datadog--api_key--value_from--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.datadog.api_key.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined





<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.elasticsearch`

Optional:

- `ca_file` (String) Optional, Absolute path to CA certificate file
- `client_cert` (String) Optional, Absolute path to client Certificate file
- `client_key` (String) Optional, Absolute path to client private Key file
- `client_key_password` (Attributes) Optional, password for ClientKey file (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch--client_key_password))
- `cloud_auth` (Attributes) Authenticate towards Elastic Cloud using cloudAuth. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch--cloud_auth))
- `cloud_id` (Attributes) Authenticate towards Elastic Cloud using CloudId. If set, cloudAuth mustbe set as well and host, port, user and password are ignored. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch--cloud_id))
- `enable_ilm` (Boolean) Optional, Enable Index Lifecycle Management (ILM)
- `fail_on_putting_template_retry_exceeded` (Boolean) Optional, Indicates whether to fail when max_retry_putting_template is exceeded. If you have multiple output plugin, you could use this property to do not fail on fluentd statup (default: false)
- `host` (String) The hostname of your Elasticsearch node (default: localhost).
- `hosts` (String) Hosts defines a list of hosts if you want to connect to more than one Elasticsearch nodes
- `ilm_policy` (String) Optional, Specify ILM policy contents as Hash
- `ilm_policy_id` (String) Optional, Specify ILM policy id
- `ilm_policy_override` (Boolean) Optional, Specify whether overwriting ilm policy or not
- `index_name` (String) IndexName defines the placeholder syntax of Fluentd plugin API. See https://docs.fluentd.org/configuration/buffer-section.
- `log_es400_reason` (Boolean) Optional, Enable logging of 400 reason without enabling debug log level
- `logstash_format` (Boolean) If true, Fluentd uses the conventional index name format logstash-%Y.%m.%d (default: false). This option supersedes the index_name option.
- `logstash_prefix` (String) LogstashPrefix defines the logstash prefix index name to write events when logstash_format is true (default: logstash).
- `max_retry_putting_template` (Number) Optional, You can specify times of retry putting template (default: 10)
- `password` (Attributes) Optional, The login credentials to connect to Elasticsearch (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch--password))
- `path` (String) Path defines the REST API endpoint of Elasticsearch to post write requests (default: nil).
- `port` (Number) The port number of your Elasticsearch node (default: 9200).
- `reconnect_on_error` (Boolean) Optional, Indicates that the plugin should reset connection on any error (reconnect on next send) (default: false)
- `reload_connections` (Boolean) Optional, Automatically reload connection after 10000 documents (default: true)
- `reload_on_failure` (Boolean) Optional, Indicates that the elasticsearch-transport will try to reload the nodes addresses if there is a failure while making the request, this can be useful to quickly remove a dead node from the list of addresses (default: false)
- `request_timeout` (String) Optional, HTTP Timeout (default: 5)
- `scheme` (String) Specify https if your Elasticsearch endpoint supports SSL (default: http).
- `ssl_verify` (Boolean) Optional, Force certificate validation
- `suppress_type_name` (Boolean) Optional, Suppress '[types removal]' warnings on elasticsearch 7.x
- `template_overwrite` (Boolean) Optional, Always update the template, even if it already exists (default: false)
- `user` (Attributes) Optional, The login credentials to connect to Elasticsearch (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch--user))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch--client_key_password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.elasticsearch.client_key_password`

Optional:

- `value_from` (Attributes) ValueSource defines how to find a value's key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch--client_key_password--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch--client_key_password--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.elasticsearch.client_key_password.value_from`

Optional:

- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a secret in the pod's namespace (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch--client_key_password--value_from--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch--client_key_password--value_from--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.elasticsearch.client_key_password.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined




<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch--cloud_auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.elasticsearch.cloud_auth`

Optional:

- `value_from` (Attributes) ValueSource defines how to find a value's key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch--cloud_auth--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch--cloud_auth--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.elasticsearch.cloud_auth.value_from`

Optional:

- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a secret in the pod's namespace (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch--cloud_auth--value_from--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch--cloud_auth--value_from--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.elasticsearch.cloud_auth.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined




<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch--cloud_id"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.elasticsearch.cloud_id`

Optional:

- `value_from` (Attributes) ValueSource defines how to find a value's key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch--cloud_id--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch--cloud_id--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.elasticsearch.cloud_id.value_from`

Optional:

- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a secret in the pod's namespace (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch--cloud_id--value_from--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch--cloud_id--value_from--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.elasticsearch.cloud_id.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined




<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch--password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.elasticsearch.password`

Optional:

- `value_from` (Attributes) ValueSource defines how to find a value's key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch--password--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch--password--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.elasticsearch.password.value_from`

Optional:

- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a secret in the pod's namespace (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch--password--value_from--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch--password--value_from--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.elasticsearch.password.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined




<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch--user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.elasticsearch.user`

Optional:

- `value_from` (Attributes) ValueSource defines how to find a value's key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch--user--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch--user--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.elasticsearch.user.value_from`

Optional:

- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a secret in the pod's namespace (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch--user--value_from--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch--user--value_from--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.elasticsearch.user.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined





<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch_data_stream"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.elasticsearch_data_stream`

Required:

- `data_stream_name` (String) You can specify Elasticsearch data stream name by this parameter. This parameter is mandatory for elasticsearch_data_stream

Optional:

- `ca_file` (String) Optional, Absolute path to CA certificate file
- `client_cert` (String) Optional, Absolute path to client Certificate file
- `client_key` (String) Optional, Absolute path to client private Key file
- `client_key_password` (Attributes) Optional, password for ClientKey file (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch_data_stream--client_key_password))
- `cloud_auth` (Attributes) Authenticate towards Elastic Cloud using cloudAuth. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch_data_stream--cloud_auth))
- `cloud_id` (Attributes) Authenticate towards Elastic Cloud using CloudId. If set, cloudAuth mustbe set as well and host, port, user and password are ignored. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch_data_stream--cloud_id))
- `data_stream_ilm_name` (String) Optional, You can specify the name of an existing ILM policy, which will be applied to the data stream. If not present, it creates a new ILM default policy (unless data_stream_template_name is defined, in that case the ILM will be set to the one specified in the matching index template)
- `data_stream_ilm_policy` (String) Optional, You can specify the ILM policy contents as hash. If not present, it will apply the ILM default policy
- `data_stream_ilm_policy_overwrite` (Boolean) Optional, Specify whether the data stream ILM policy should be overwritten
- `data_stream_template_name` (String) Optional, You can specify an existing matching index template for the data stream. If not present, it creates a new matching index template
- `data_stream_template_use_index_patterns_wildcard` (Boolean) Optional, Specify whether index patterns should include a wildcard (*) when creating an index template. This is particularly useful to prevent errors in scenarios where index templates are generated automatically, and multiple services with distinct suffixes are in use
- `enable_ilm` (Boolean) Optional, Enable Index Lifecycle Management (ILM)
- `fail_on_putting_template_retry_exceeded` (Boolean) Optional, Indicates whether to fail when max_retry_putting_template is exceeded. If you have multiple output plugin, you could use this property to do not fail on fluentd statup (default: false)
- `host` (String) The hostname of your Elasticsearch node (default: localhost).
- `hosts` (String) Hosts defines a list of hosts if you want to connect to more than one Elasticsearch nodes
- `ilm_policy` (String) Optional, Specify ILM policy contents as Hash
- `ilm_policy_id` (String) Optional, Specify ILM policy id
- `ilm_policy_override` (Boolean) Optional, Specify whether overwriting ilm policy or not
- `log_es400_reason` (Boolean) Optional, Enable logging of 400 reason without enabling debug log level
- `max_retry_putting_template` (Number) Optional, You can specify times of retry putting template (default: 10)
- `password` (Attributes) Optional, The login credentials to connect to Elasticsearch (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch_data_stream--password))
- `path` (String) Path defines the REST API endpoint of Elasticsearch to post write requests (default: nil).
- `port` (Number) The port number of your Elasticsearch node (default: 9200).
- `reconnect_on_error` (Boolean) Optional, Indicates that the plugin should reset connection on any error (reconnect on next send) (default: false)
- `reload_connections` (Boolean) Optional, Automatically reload connection after 10000 documents (default: true)
- `reload_on_failure` (Boolean) Optional, Indicates that the elasticsearch-transport will try to reload the nodes addresses if there is a failure while making the request, this can be useful to quickly remove a dead node from the list of addresses (default: false)
- `request_timeout` (String) Optional, HTTP Timeout (default: 5)
- `scheme` (String) Specify https if your Elasticsearch endpoint supports SSL (default: http).
- `ssl_verify` (Boolean) Optional, Force certificate validation
- `suppress_type_name` (Boolean) Optional, Suppress '[types removal]' warnings on elasticsearch 7.x
- `template_overwrite` (Boolean) Optional, Always update the template, even if it already exists (default: false)
- `user` (Attributes) Optional, The login credentials to connect to Elasticsearch (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch_data_stream--user))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch_data_stream--client_key_password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.elasticsearch_data_stream.client_key_password`

Optional:

- `value_from` (Attributes) ValueSource defines how to find a value's key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch_data_stream--client_key_password--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch_data_stream--client_key_password--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.elasticsearch_data_stream.client_key_password.value_from`

Optional:

- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a secret in the pod's namespace (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch_data_stream--client_key_password--value_from--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch_data_stream--client_key_password--value_from--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.elasticsearch_data_stream.client_key_password.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined




<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch_data_stream--cloud_auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.elasticsearch_data_stream.cloud_auth`

Optional:

- `value_from` (Attributes) ValueSource defines how to find a value's key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch_data_stream--cloud_auth--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch_data_stream--cloud_auth--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.elasticsearch_data_stream.cloud_auth.value_from`

Optional:

- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a secret in the pod's namespace (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch_data_stream--cloud_auth--value_from--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch_data_stream--cloud_auth--value_from--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.elasticsearch_data_stream.cloud_auth.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined




<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch_data_stream--cloud_id"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.elasticsearch_data_stream.cloud_id`

Optional:

- `value_from` (Attributes) ValueSource defines how to find a value's key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch_data_stream--cloud_id--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch_data_stream--cloud_id--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.elasticsearch_data_stream.cloud_id.value_from`

Optional:

- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a secret in the pod's namespace (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch_data_stream--cloud_id--value_from--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch_data_stream--cloud_id--value_from--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.elasticsearch_data_stream.cloud_id.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined




<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch_data_stream--password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.elasticsearch_data_stream.password`

Optional:

- `value_from` (Attributes) ValueSource defines how to find a value's key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch_data_stream--password--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch_data_stream--password--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.elasticsearch_data_stream.password.value_from`

Optional:

- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a secret in the pod's namespace (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch_data_stream--password--value_from--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch_data_stream--password--value_from--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.elasticsearch_data_stream.password.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined




<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch_data_stream--user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.elasticsearch_data_stream.user`

Optional:

- `value_from` (Attributes) ValueSource defines how to find a value's key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch_data_stream--user--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch_data_stream--user--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.elasticsearch_data_stream.user.value_from`

Optional:

- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a secret in the pod's namespace (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch_data_stream--user--value_from--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--elasticsearch_data_stream--user--value_from--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.elasticsearch_data_stream.user.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined





<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--format"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.format`

Optional:

- `delimiter` (String) Delimiter for each field.
- `id` (String) The @id parameter specifies a unique name for the configuration.
- `localtime` (Boolean) If true, uses local time.
- `log_level` (String) The @log_level parameter specifies the plugin-specific logging level
- `newline` (String) Specify newline characters.
- `output_tag` (Boolean) Output tag field if true.
- `output_time` (Boolean) Output time field if true.
- `time_format` (String) Process value according to the specified format. This is available only when time_type is string
- `time_format_fallbacks` (String) Uses the specified time format as a fallback in the specified order. You can parse undetermined time format by using time_format_fallbacks. This options is enabled when time_type is mixed.
- `time_type` (String) parses/formats value according to this type, default is string
- `timezone` (String) Uses the specified timezone.
- `type` (String) The @type parameter specifies the type of the plugin.
- `utc` (Boolean) If true, uses UTC.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--forward"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.forward`

Required:

- `servers` (Attributes List) Servers defines the servers section, at least one is required (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--forward--servers))

Optional:

- `ack_response_timeout` (String) This option is used when require_ack_response is true. This default value is based on popular tcp_syn_retries.
- `connect_timeout` (String) The connection timeout for the socket. When the connection is timed out during the connection establishment, Errno::ETIMEDOUT error is raised.
- `dns_round_robin` (Boolean) Enable client-side DNS round robin. Uniform randomly pick an IP address to send data when a hostname has several IP addresses.heartbeat_type udp is not available with dns_round_robintrue. Use heartbeat_type tcp or heartbeat_type none.
- `expire_dns_cache` (String) Sets TTL to expire DNS cache in seconds. Set 0 not to use DNS Cache.
- `hard_timeout` (String) The hard timeout used to detect server failure. The default value is equal to the send_timeout parameter.
- `heartbeat_interval` (String) The interval of the heartbeat packer.
- `heartbeat_type` (String) Specifies the transport protocol for heartbeats. Set none to disable.
- `ignore_network_errors_at_startup` (Boolean) Ignores DNS resolution and errors at startup time.
- `keepalive` (Boolean) Enables the keepalive connection.
- `keepalive_timeout` (String) Timeout for keepalive. Default value is nil which means to keep the connection alive as long as possible.
- `phi_failure_detector` (Boolean) Use the 'Phi accrual failure detector' to detect server failure.
- `phi_threshold` (Number) The threshold parameter used to detect server faults.
- `recover_wait` (String) The wait time before accepting a server fault recovery.
- `require_ack_response` (Boolean) Changes the protocol to at-least-once. The plugin waits the ack from destination's in_forward plugin.
- `security` (Attributes) ServiceDiscovery defines the security section (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--forward--security))
- `send_timeout` (String) The timeout time when sending event logs.
- `service_discovery` (Attributes) ServiceDiscovery defines the service_discovery section (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--forward--service_discovery))
- `tls_allow_self_signed_cert` (Boolean) Allows self-signed certificates or not.
- `tls_cert_logical_store_name` (String) The certificate logical store name on Windows system certstore. This parameter is for Windows only.
- `tls_cert_path` (String) The additional CA certificate path for TLS.
- `tls_cert_thumbprint` (String) The certificate thumbprint for searching from Windows system certstore. This parameter is for Windows only.
- `tls_cert_use_enterprise_store` (Boolean) Enables the certificate enterprise store on Windows system certstore. This parameter is for Windows only.
- `tls_ciphers` (String) The cipher configuration of TLS transport.
- `tls_client_cert_path` (String) The client certificate path for TLS.
- `tls_client_private_key_passphrase` (String) The TLS private key passphrase for the client.
- `tls_client_private_key_path` (String) The client private key path for TLS.
- `tls_insecure_mode` (Boolean) Skips all verification of certificates or not.
- `tls_verify_hostname` (Boolean) Verifies hostname of servers and certificates or not in TLS transport.
- `tls_version` (String) The default version of TLS transport.
- `verify_connection_at_startup` (Boolean) Verify that a connection can be made with one of out_forward nodes at the time of startup.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--forward--servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.forward.servers`

Optional:

- `host` (String) Host defines the IP address or host name of the server.
- `id` (String) The @id parameter specifies a unique name for the configuration.
- `log_level` (String) The @log_level parameter specifies the plugin-specific logging level
- `name` (String) Name defines the name of the server. Used for logging and certificate verification in TLS transport (when the host is the address).
- `password` (Attributes) Password defines the password for authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--forward--servers--password))
- `port` (String) Port defines the port number of the host. Note that both TCP packets (event stream) and UDP packets (heartbeat messages) are sent to this port.
- `shared_key` (String) SharedKey defines the shared key per server.
- `standby` (String) Standby marks a node as the standby node for an Active-Standby model between Fluentd nodes.
- `type` (String) The @type parameter specifies the type of the plugin.
- `username` (Attributes) Username defines the username for authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--forward--servers--username))
- `weight` (String) Weight defines the load balancing weight

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--forward--servers--password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.forward.servers.password`

Optional:

- `value_from` (Attributes) ValueSource defines how to find a value's key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--forward--servers--password--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--forward--servers--password--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.forward.servers.password.value_from`

Optional:

- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a secret in the pod's namespace (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--forward--servers--password--value_from--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--forward--servers--password--value_from--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.forward.servers.password.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined




<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--forward--servers--username"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.forward.servers.username`

Optional:

- `value_from` (Attributes) ValueSource defines how to find a value's key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--forward--servers--username--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--forward--servers--username--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.forward.servers.username.value_from`

Optional:

- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a secret in the pod's namespace (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--forward--servers--username--value_from--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--forward--servers--username--value_from--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.forward.servers.username.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined





<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--forward--security"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.forward.security`

Optional:

- `allow_anonymous_source` (String) Allows the anonymous source. <client> sections are required, if disabled.
- `self_hostname` (String) The hostname.
- `shared_key` (String) The shared key for authentication.
- `user` (Attributes) Defines user section directly. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--forward--security--user))
- `user_auth` (String) If true, user-based authentication is used.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--forward--security--user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.forward.security.user`

Optional:

- `password` (Attributes) Secret defines the key of a value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--forward--security--user--password))
- `username` (Attributes) Secret defines the key of a value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--forward--security--user--username))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--forward--security--user--password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.forward.security.user.password`

Optional:

- `value_from` (Attributes) ValueSource defines how to find a value's key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--forward--security--user--password--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--forward--security--user--password--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.forward.security.user.password.value_from`

Optional:

- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a secret in the pod's namespace (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--forward--security--user--password--value_from--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--forward--security--user--password--value_from--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.forward.security.user.password.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined




<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--forward--security--user--username"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.forward.security.user.username`

Optional:

- `value_from` (Attributes) ValueSource defines how to find a value's key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--forward--security--user--username--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--forward--security--user--username--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.forward.security.user.username.value_from`

Optional:

- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a secret in the pod's namespace (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--forward--security--user--username--value_from--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--forward--security--user--username--value_from--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.forward.security.user.username.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined






<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--forward--service_discovery"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.forward.service_discovery`

Required:

- `type` (String) The @type parameter specifies the type of the plugin.

Optional:

- `conf_encoding` (String) The encoding of the configuration file.
- `dns_lookup` (String) DnsLookup resolves the hostname to IP address of the SRV's Target.
- `dns_server_host` (String) DnsServerHost defines the hostname of the DNS server to request the SRV record.
- `hostname` (String) The name in RFC2782.
- `id` (String) The @id parameter specifies a unique name for the configuration.
- `interval` (String) Interval defines the interval of sending requests to DNS server.
- `log_level` (String) The @log_level parameter specifies the plugin-specific logging level
- `path` (String) The path of the target list. Default is '/etc/fluent/sd.yaml'
- `proto` (String) Proto without the underscore in RFC2782.
- `server` (Attributes) The server section of this plugin (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--forward--service_discovery--server))
- `service` (String) Service without the underscore in RFC2782.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--forward--service_discovery--server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.forward.service_discovery.server`

Optional:

- `host` (String) Host defines the IP address or host name of the server.
- `id` (String) The @id parameter specifies a unique name for the configuration.
- `log_level` (String) The @log_level parameter specifies the plugin-specific logging level
- `name` (String) Name defines the name of the server. Used for logging and certificate verification in TLS transport (when the host is the address).
- `password` (Attributes) Password defines the password for authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--forward--service_discovery--server--password))
- `port` (String) Port defines the port number of the host. Note that both TCP packets (event stream) and UDP packets (heartbeat messages) are sent to this port.
- `shared_key` (String) SharedKey defines the shared key per server.
- `standby` (String) Standby marks a node as the standby node for an Active-Standby model between Fluentd nodes.
- `type` (String) The @type parameter specifies the type of the plugin.
- `username` (Attributes) Username defines the username for authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--forward--service_discovery--server--username))
- `weight` (String) Weight defines the load balancing weight

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--forward--service_discovery--server--password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.forward.service_discovery.server.password`

Optional:

- `value_from` (Attributes) ValueSource defines how to find a value's key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--forward--service_discovery--server--password--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--forward--service_discovery--server--password--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.forward.service_discovery.server.password.value_from`

Optional:

- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a secret in the pod's namespace (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--forward--service_discovery--server--password--value_from--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--forward--service_discovery--server--password--value_from--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.forward.service_discovery.server.password.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined




<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--forward--service_discovery--server--username"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.forward.service_discovery.server.username`

Optional:

- `value_from` (Attributes) ValueSource defines how to find a value's key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--forward--service_discovery--server--username--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--forward--service_discovery--server--username--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.forward.service_discovery.server.username.value_from`

Optional:

- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a secret in the pod's namespace (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--forward--service_discovery--server--username--value_from--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--forward--service_discovery--server--username--value_from--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.forward.service_discovery.server.username.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined







<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--http"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.http`

Optional:

- `auth` (Attributes) Auth section for this plugin (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--http--auth))
- `content_type` (String) ContentType defines Content-Type for HTTP request. out_http automatically set Content-Type for built-in formatters when this parameter is not specified.
- `endpoint` (String) Endpoint defines the endpoint for HTTP request. If you want to use HTTPS, use https prefix.
- `error_response_as_unrecoverable` (Boolean) Raise UnrecoverableError when the response code is not SUCCESS.
- `headers` (String) Headers defines the additional headers for HTTP request.
- `headers_from_placeholders` (String) Additional placeholder based headers for HTTP request. If you want to use tag or record field, use this parameter instead of headers.
- `http_method` (String) HttpMethod defines the method for HTTP request.
- `json_array` (Boolean) JsonArray defines whether to use the array format of JSON or not
- `open_timeout` (Number) OpenTimeout defines the connection open timeout in seconds.
- `proxy` (String) Proxy defines the proxy for HTTP request.
- `read_timeout` (Number) ReadTimeout defines the read timeout in seconds.
- `retryable_response_codes` (String) The list of retryable response codes. If the response code is included in this list, out_http retries the buffer flush.
- `ssl_timeout` (Number) SslTimeout defines the TLS timeout in seconds.
- `tls_ca_cert_path` (String) TlsCaCertPath defines the CA certificate path for TLS.
- `tls_ciphers` (String) TlsCiphers defines the cipher suites configuration of TLS.
- `tls_client_cert_path` (String) TlsClientCertPath defines the client certificate path for TLS.
- `tls_private_key_passphrase` (String) TlsPrivateKeyPassphrase defines the client private key passphrase for TLS.
- `tls_private_key_path` (String) TlsPrivateKeyPath defines the client private key path for TLS.
- `tls_verify_mode` (String) TlsVerifyMode defines the verify mode of TLS.
- `tls_version` (String) TlsVersion defines the default version of TLS transport.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--http--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.http.auth`

Optional:

- `auth` (String) The method for HTTP authentication. Now only basic.
- `password` (Attributes) The password for basic authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--http--auth--password))
- `username` (Attributes) The username for basic authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--http--auth--username))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--http--auth--password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.http.auth.password`

Optional:

- `value_from` (Attributes) ValueSource defines how to find a value's key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--http--auth--password--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--http--auth--password--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.http.auth.password.value_from`

Optional:

- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a secret in the pod's namespace (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--http--auth--password--value_from--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--http--auth--password--value_from--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.http.auth.password.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined




<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--http--auth--username"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.http.auth.username`

Optional:

- `value_from` (Attributes) ValueSource defines how to find a value's key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--http--auth--username--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--http--auth--username--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.http.auth.username.value_from`

Optional:

- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a secret in the pod's namespace (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--http--auth--username--value_from--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--http--auth--username--value_from--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.http.auth.username.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined






<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--inject"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.inject`

Optional:

- `hostname` (String) Hostname value
- `hostname_key` (String) The field name to inject hostname
- `inline` (Attributes) Time section (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--inject--inline))
- `tag_key` (String) The field name to inject tag
- `time_key` (String) The field name to inject time
- `worker_id_key` (String) The field name to inject worker_id

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--inject--inline"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.inject.inline`

Optional:

- `localtime` (Boolean) If true, uses local time.
- `time_format` (String) Process value according to the specified format. This is available only when time_type is string
- `time_format_fallbacks` (String) Uses the specified time format as a fallback in the specified order. You can parse undetermined time format by using time_format_fallbacks. This options is enabled when time_type is mixed.
- `time_type` (String) parses/formats value according to this type, default is string
- `timezone` (String) Uses the specified timezone.
- `utc` (Boolean) If true, uses UTC.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--kafka"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.kafka`

Optional:

- `brokers` (String) The list of all seed brokers, with their host and port information. Default: localhost:9092
- `compression_codec` (String) The codec the producer uses to compress messages (default: nil).
- `default_topic` (String) The name of the default topic. (default: nil)
- `required_acks` (Number) The number of acks required per request.
- `topic_key` (String) The field name for the target topic. If the field value is app, this plugin writes events to the app topic.
- `use_event_time` (Boolean) Set fluentd event time to Kafka's CreateTime.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--loki"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.loki`

Required:

- `url` (String) Loki URL.

Optional:

- `drop_single_key` (Boolean) If a record only has 1 key, then just set the log line to the value and discard the key.
- `extract_kubernetes_labels` (Boolean) If set to true, it will add all Kubernetes labels to the Stream labels.
- `http_password` (Attributes) Password for user defined in HTTP_UserSet HTTP basic authentication password (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--loki--http_password))
- `http_user` (Attributes) Set HTTP basic authentication user name. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--loki--http_user))
- `include_thread_label` (Boolean) Whether or not to include the fluentd_thread label when multiple threads are used for flushing
- `insecure` (Boolean) Disable certificate validation
- `label_keys` (List of String) Optional list of record keys that will be placed as stream labels.This configuration property is for records key only.
- `labels` (List of String) Stream labels for API request. It can be multiple comma separated of strings specifying  key=value pairs.In addition to fixed parameters, it also allows to add custom record keys (similar to label_keys property).
- `line_format` (String) Format to use when flattening the record to a log line. Valid values are json or key_value.If set to json,  the log line sent to Loki will be the Fluentd record dumped as JSON.If set to key_value, the log line will be each item in the record concatenated together (separated by a single space) in the format.
- `remove_keys` (List of String) Optional list of record keys that will be removed from stream labels.This configuration property is for records key only.
- `tenant_id` (Attributes) Tenant ID used by default to push logs to Loki.If omitted or empty it assumes Loki is running in single-tenant mode and no X-Scope-OrgID header is sent. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--loki--tenant_id))
- `tls_ca_cert_file` (String) TlsCaCert defines the CA certificate file for TLS.
- `tls_client_cert_file` (String) TlsClientCert defines the client certificate file for TLS.
- `tls_private_key_file` (String) TlsPrivateKey defines the client private key file for TLS.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--loki--http_password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.loki.http_password`

Optional:

- `value_from` (Attributes) ValueSource defines how to find a value's key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--loki--http_password--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--loki--http_password--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.loki.http_password.value_from`

Optional:

- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a secret in the pod's namespace (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--loki--http_password--value_from--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--loki--http_password--value_from--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.loki.http_password.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined




<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--loki--http_user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.loki.http_user`

Optional:

- `value_from` (Attributes) ValueSource defines how to find a value's key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--loki--http_user--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--loki--http_user--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.loki.http_user.value_from`

Optional:

- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a secret in the pod's namespace (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--loki--http_user--value_from--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--loki--http_user--value_from--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.loki.http_user.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined




<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--loki--tenant_id"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.loki.tenant_id`

Optional:

- `value_from` (Attributes) ValueSource defines how to find a value's key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--loki--tenant_id--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--loki--tenant_id--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.loki.tenant_id.value_from`

Optional:

- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a secret in the pod's namespace (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--loki--tenant_id--value_from--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--loki--tenant_id--value_from--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.loki.tenant_id.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined





<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--opensearch"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.opensearch`

Optional:

- `host` (String) The hostname of your Opensearch node (default: localhost).
- `hosts` (String) Hosts defines a list of hosts if you want to connect to more than one Openearch nodes
- `index_name` (String) IndexName defines the placeholder syntax of Fluentd plugin API. See https://docs.fluentd.org/configuration/buffer-section.
- `logstash_format` (Boolean) If true, Fluentd uses the conventional index name format logstash-%Y.%m.%d (default: false). This option supersedes the index_name option.
- `logstash_prefix` (String) LogstashPrefix defines the logstash prefix index name to write events when logstash_format is true (default: logstash).
- `password` (Attributes) Optional, The login credentials to connect to Opensearch (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--opensearch--password))
- `path` (String) Path defines the REST API endpoint of Opensearch to post write requests (default: nil).
- `port` (Number) The port number of your Opensearch node (default: 9200).
- `scheme` (String) Specify https if your Opensearch endpoint supports SSL (default: http).
- `user` (Attributes) Optional, The login credentials to connect to Opensearch (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--opensearch--user))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--opensearch--password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.opensearch.password`

Optional:

- `value_from` (Attributes) ValueSource defines how to find a value's key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--opensearch--password--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--opensearch--password--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.opensearch.password.value_from`

Optional:

- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a secret in the pod's namespace (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--opensearch--password--value_from--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--opensearch--password--value_from--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.opensearch.password.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined




<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--opensearch--user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.opensearch.user`

Optional:

- `value_from` (Attributes) ValueSource defines how to find a value's key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--opensearch--user--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--opensearch--user--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.opensearch.user.value_from`

Optional:

- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a secret in the pod's namespace (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outputs--opensearch--user--value_from--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--opensearch--user--value_from--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.opensearch.user.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined





<a id="nestedatt--spec--outputs--s3"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outputs.s3`

Optional:

- `aws_key_id` (String) The AWS access key id.
- `aws_sec_key` (String) The AWS secret key.
- `force_path_style` (Boolean) This prevents AWS SDK from breaking endpoint URL
- `path` (String) The path prefix of the files on S3.
- `proxy_uri` (String) The proxy URL.
- `s3_bucket` (String) The Amazon S3 bucket name.
- `s3_endpoint` (String) The endpoint URL (like 'http://localhost:9000/')
- `s3_object_key_format` (String) The actual S3 path. This is interpolated to the actual path.
- `s3_region` (String) The Amazon S3 region name
- `sse_customer_algorithm` (String) The AWS KMS enctyption algorithm.
- `sse_customer_key` (String) The AWS KMS key.
- `sse_customer_key_md5` (String) The AWS KMS key MD5.
- `ssekms_key_id` (String) The AWS KMS key ID.
- `ssl_verify_peer` (Boolean) Verify the SSL certificate of the endpoint.
- `store_as` (String) The compression type.
- `time_slice_format` (String) This timestamp is added to each file name
- `use_server_side_encryption` (String) the following parameters are for S3 kms https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/UsingKMSEncryption.html
