---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_gateway_networking_k8s_io_grpc_route_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "gateway.networking.k8s.io"
description: |-
  GRPCRoute provides a way to route gRPC requests. This includes the capabilityto match requests by hostname, gRPC service, gRPC method, or HTTP/2 header.Filters can be used to specify additional processing steps. Backends specifywhere matching requests will be routed.GRPCRoute falls under extended support within the Gateway API. Within thefollowing specification, the word 'MUST' indicates that an implementationsupporting GRPCRoute must conform to the indicated requirement, but animplementation not supporting this route type need not follow the requirementunless explicitly indicated.Implementations supporting 'GRPCRoute' with the 'HTTPS' 'ProtocolType' MUSTaccept HTTP/2 connections without an initial upgrade from HTTP/1.1, i.e. viaALPN. If the implementation does not support this, then it MUST set the'Accepted' condition to 'False' for the affected listener with a reason of'UnsupportedProtocol'.  Implementations MAY also accept HTTP/2 connectionswith an upgrade from HTTP/1.Implementations supporting 'GRPCRoute' with the 'HTTP' 'ProtocolType' MUSTsupport HTTP/2 over cleartext TCP (h2c,https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc7540#section-3.1) without an initialupgrade from HTTP/1.1, i.e. with prior knowledge(https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc7540#section-3.4). If the implementationdoes not support this, then it MUST set the 'Accepted' condition to 'False'for the affected listener with a reason of 'UnsupportedProtocol'.Implementations MAY also accept HTTP/2 connections with an upgrade fromHTTP/1, i.e. without prior knowledge.
---

# k8s_gateway_networking_k8s_io_grpc_route_v1_manifest (Data Source)

GRPCRoute provides a way to route gRPC requests. This includes the capabilityto match requests by hostname, gRPC service, gRPC method, or HTTP/2 header.Filters can be used to specify additional processing steps. Backends specifywhere matching requests will be routed.GRPCRoute falls under extended support within the Gateway API. Within thefollowing specification, the word 'MUST' indicates that an implementationsupporting GRPCRoute must conform to the indicated requirement, but animplementation not supporting this route type need not follow the requirementunless explicitly indicated.Implementations supporting 'GRPCRoute' with the 'HTTPS' 'ProtocolType' MUSTaccept HTTP/2 connections without an initial upgrade from HTTP/1.1, i.e. viaALPN. If the implementation does not support this, then it MUST set the'Accepted' condition to 'False' for the affected listener with a reason of'UnsupportedProtocol'.  Implementations MAY also accept HTTP/2 connectionswith an upgrade from HTTP/1.Implementations supporting 'GRPCRoute' with the 'HTTP' 'ProtocolType' MUSTsupport HTTP/2 over cleartext TCP (h2c,https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc7540#section-3.1) without an initialupgrade from HTTP/1.1, i.e. with prior knowledge(https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc7540#section-3.4). If the implementationdoes not support this, then it MUST set the 'Accepted' condition to 'False'for the affected listener with a reason of 'UnsupportedProtocol'.Implementations MAY also accept HTTP/2 connections with an upgrade fromHTTP/1, i.e. without prior knowledge.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_gateway_networking_k8s_io_grpc_route_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) Spec defines the desired state of GRPCRoute. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `hostnames` (List of String) Hostnames defines a set of hostnames to match against the GRPCHost header to select a GRPCRoute to process the request. This matchesthe RFC 1123 definition of a hostname with 2 notable exceptions:1. IPs are not allowed.2. A hostname may be prefixed with a wildcard label ('*.'). The wildcard   label MUST appear by itself as the first label.If a hostname is specified by both the Listener and GRPCRoute, thereMUST be at least one intersecting hostname for the GRPCRoute to beattached to the Listener. For example:* A Listener with 'test.example.com' as the hostname matches GRPCRoutes  that have either not specified any hostnames, or have specified at  least one of 'test.example.com' or '*.example.com'.* A Listener with '*.example.com' as the hostname matches GRPCRoutes  that have either not specified any hostnames or have specified at least  one hostname that matches the Listener hostname. For example,  'test.example.com' and '*.example.com' would both match. On the other  hand, 'example.com' and 'test.example.net' would not match.Hostnames that are prefixed with a wildcard label ('*.') are interpretedas a suffix match. That means that a match for '*.example.com' would matchboth 'test.example.com', and 'foo.test.example.com', but not 'example.com'.If both the Listener and GRPCRoute have specified hostnames, anyGRPCRoute hostnames that do not match the Listener hostname MUST beignored. For example, if a Listener specified '*.example.com', and theGRPCRoute specified 'test.example.com' and 'test.example.net','test.example.net' MUST NOT be considered for a match.If both the Listener and GRPCRoute have specified hostnames, and nonematch with the criteria above, then the GRPCRoute MUST NOT be accepted bythe implementation. The implementation MUST raise an 'Accepted' Conditionwith a status of 'False' in the corresponding RouteParentStatus.If a Route (A) of type HTTPRoute or GRPCRoute is attached to aListener and that listener already has another Route (B) of the othertype attached and the intersection of the hostnames of A and B isnon-empty, then the implementation MUST accept exactly one of these tworoutes, determined by the following criteria, in order:* The oldest Route based on creation timestamp.* The Route appearing first in alphabetical order by  '{namespace}/{name}'.The rejected Route MUST raise an 'Accepted' condition with a status of'False' in the corresponding RouteParentStatus.Support: Core
- `parent_refs` (Attributes List) ParentRefs references the resources (usually Gateways) that a Route wantsto be attached to. Note that the referenced parent resource needs toallow this for the attachment to be complete. For Gateways, that meansthe Gateway needs to allow attachment from Routes of this kind andnamespace. For Services, that means the Service must either be in the samenamespace for a 'producer' route, or the mesh implementation must supportand allow 'consumer' routes for the referenced Service. ReferenceGrant isnot applicable for governing ParentRefs to Services - it is not possible tocreate a 'producer' route for a Service in a different namespace from theRoute.There are two kinds of parent resources with 'Core' support:* Gateway (Gateway conformance profile)* Service (Mesh conformance profile, ClusterIP Services only)This API may be extended in the future to support additional kinds of parentresources.ParentRefs must be _distinct_. This means either that:* They select different objects.  If this is the case, then parentRef  entries are distinct. In terms of fields, this means that the  multi-part key defined by 'group', 'kind', 'namespace', and 'name' must  be unique across all parentRef entries in the Route.* They do not select different objects, but for each optional field used,  each ParentRef that selects the same object must set the same set of  optional fields to different values. If one ParentRef sets a  combination of optional fields, all must set the same combination.Some examples:* If one ParentRef sets 'sectionName', all ParentRefs referencing the  same object must also set 'sectionName'.* If one ParentRef sets 'port', all ParentRefs referencing the same  object must also set 'port'.* If one ParentRef sets 'sectionName' and 'port', all ParentRefs  referencing the same object must also set 'sectionName' and 'port'.It is possible to separately reference multiple distinct objects that maybe collapsed by an implementation. For example, some implementations maychoose to merge compatible Gateway Listeners together. If that is thecase, the list of routes attached to those resources should also bemerged.Note that for ParentRefs that cross namespace boundaries, there are specificrules. Cross-namespace references are only valid if they are explicitlyallowed by something in the namespace they are referring to. For example,Gateway has the AllowedRoutes field, and ReferenceGrant provides ageneric way to enable other kinds of cross-namespace reference.ParentRefs from a Route to a Service in the same namespace are 'producer'routes, which apply default routing rules to inbound connections fromany namespace to the Service.ParentRefs from a Route to a Service in a different namespace are'consumer' routes, and these routing rules are only applied to outboundconnections originating from the same namespace as the Route, for whichthe intended destination of the connections are a Service targeted as aParentRef of the Route. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--parent_refs))
- `rules` (Attributes List) Rules are a list of GRPC matchers, filters and actions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rules))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--parent_refs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.parent_refs`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the referent.Support: Core

Optional:

- `group` (String) Group is the group of the referent.When unspecified, 'gateway.networking.k8s.io' is inferred.To set the core API group (such as for a 'Service' kind referent),Group must be explicitly set to '' (empty string).Support: Core
- `kind` (String) Kind is kind of the referent.There are two kinds of parent resources with 'Core' support:* Gateway (Gateway conformance profile)* Service (Mesh conformance profile, ClusterIP Services only)Support for other resources is Implementation-Specific.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of the referent. When unspecified, this refersto the local namespace of the Route.Note that there are specific rules for ParentRefs which cross namespaceboundaries. Cross-namespace references are only valid if they are explicitlyallowed by something in the namespace they are referring to. For example:Gateway has the AllowedRoutes field, and ReferenceGrant provides ageneric way to enable any other kind of cross-namespace reference.ParentRefs from a Route to a Service in the same namespace are 'producer'routes, which apply default routing rules to inbound connections fromany namespace to the Service.ParentRefs from a Route to a Service in a different namespace are'consumer' routes, and these routing rules are only applied to outboundconnections originating from the same namespace as the Route, for whichthe intended destination of the connections are a Service targeted as aParentRef of the Route.Support: Core
- `port` (Number) Port is the network port this Route targets. It can be interpreteddifferently based on the type of parent resource.When the parent resource is a Gateway, this targets all listenerslistening on the specified port that also support this kind of Route(andselect this Route). It's not recommended to set 'Port' unless thenetworking behaviors specified in a Route must apply to a specific portas opposed to a listener(s) whose port(s) may be changed. When both Portand SectionName are specified, the name and port of the selected listenermust match both specified values.When the parent resource is a Service, this targets a specific port in theService spec. When both Port (experimental) and SectionName are specified,the name and port of the selected port must match both specified values.Implementations MAY choose to support other parent resources.Implementations supporting other types of parent resources MUST clearlydocument how/if Port is interpreted.For the purpose of status, an attachment is considered successful aslong as the parent resource accepts it partially. For example, Gatewaylisteners can restrict which Routes can attach to them by Route kind,namespace, or hostname. If 1 of 2 Gateway listeners accept attachmentfrom the referencing Route, the Route MUST be considered successfullyattached. If no Gateway listeners accept attachment from this Route,the Route MUST be considered detached from the Gateway.Support: Extended
- `section_name` (String) SectionName is the name of a section within the target resource. In thefollowing resources, SectionName is interpreted as the following:* Gateway: Listener name. When both Port (experimental) and SectionNameare specified, the name and port of the selected listener must matchboth specified values.* Service: Port name. When both Port (experimental) and SectionNameare specified, the name and port of the selected listener must matchboth specified values.Implementations MAY choose to support attaching Routes to other resources.If that is the case, they MUST clearly document how SectionName isinterpreted.When unspecified (empty string), this will reference the entire resource.For the purpose of status, an attachment is considered successful if atleast one section in the parent resource accepts it. For example, Gatewaylisteners can restrict which Routes can attach to them by Route kind,namespace, or hostname. If 1 of 2 Gateway listeners accept attachment fromthe referencing Route, the Route MUST be considered successfullyattached. If no Gateway listeners accept attachment from this Route, theRoute MUST be considered detached from the Gateway.Support: Core


<a id="nestedatt--spec--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules`

Optional:

- `backend_refs` (Attributes List) BackendRefs defines the backend(s) where matching requests should besent.Failure behavior here depends on how many BackendRefs are specified andhow many are invalid.If *all* entries in BackendRefs are invalid, and there are also no filtersspecified in this route rule, *all* traffic which matches this rule MUSTreceive an 'UNAVAILABLE' status.See the GRPCBackendRef definition for the rules about what makes a singleGRPCBackendRef invalid.When a GRPCBackendRef is invalid, 'UNAVAILABLE' statuses MUST be returned forrequests that would have otherwise been routed to an invalid backend. Ifmultiple backends are specified, and some are invalid, the proportion ofrequests that would otherwise have been routed to an invalid backendMUST receive an 'UNAVAILABLE' status.For example, if two backends are specified with equal weights, and one isinvalid, 50 percent of traffic MUST receive an 'UNAVAILABLE' status.Implementations may choose how that 50 percent is determined.Support: Core for Kubernetes ServiceSupport: Implementation-specific for any other resourceSupport for weight: Core (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rules--backend_refs))
- `filters` (Attributes List) Filters define the filters that are applied to requests that matchthis rule.The effects of ordering of multiple behaviors are currently unspecified.This can change in the future based on feedback during the alpha stage.Conformance-levels at this level are defined based on the type of filter:- ALL core filters MUST be supported by all implementations that support  GRPCRoute.- Implementers are encouraged to support extended filters.- Implementation-specific custom filters have no API guarantees across  implementations.Specifying the same filter multiple times is not supported unless explicitlyindicated in the filter.If an implementation can not support a combination of filters, it must clearlydocument that limitation. In cases where incompatible or unsupportedfilters are specified and cause the 'Accepted' condition to be set to status'False', implementations may use the 'IncompatibleFilters' reason to specifythis configuration error.Support: Core (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rules--filters))
- `matches` (Attributes List) Matches define conditions used for matching the rule against incominggRPC requests. Each match is independent, i.e. this rule will be matchedif **any** one of the matches is satisfied.For example, take the following matches configuration:'''matches:- method:    service: foo.bar  headers:    values:      version: 2- method:    service: foo.bar.v2'''For a request to match against this rule, it MUST satisfyEITHER of the two conditions:- service of foo.bar AND contains the header 'version: 2'- service of foo.bar.v2See the documentation for GRPCRouteMatch on how to specify multiplematch conditions to be ANDed together.If no matches are specified, the implementation MUST match every gRPC request.Proxy or Load Balancer routing configuration generated from GRPCRoutesMUST prioritize rules based on the following criteria, continuing onties. Merging MUST not be done between GRPCRoutes and HTTPRoutes.Precedence MUST be given to the rule with the largest number of:* Characters in a matching non-wildcard hostname.* Characters in a matching hostname.* Characters in a matching service.* Characters in a matching method.* Header matches.If ties still exist across multiple Routes, matching precedence MUST bedetermined in order of the following criteria, continuing on ties:* The oldest Route based on creation timestamp.* The Route appearing first in alphabetical order by  '{namespace}/{name}'.If ties still exist within the Route that has been given precedence,matching precedence MUST be granted to the first matching rule meetingthe above criteria. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rules--matches))
- `session_persistence` (Attributes) SessionPersistence defines and configures session persistencefor the route rule.Support: Extended (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rules--session_persistence))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--rules--backend_refs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.backend_refs`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the referent.

Optional:

- `filters` (Attributes List) Filters defined at this level MUST be executed if and only if therequest is being forwarded to the backend defined here.Support: Implementation-specific (For broader support of filters, use theFilters field in GRPCRouteRule.) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rules--backend_refs--filters))
- `group` (String) Group is the group of the referent. For example, 'gateway.networking.k8s.io'.When unspecified or empty string, core API group is inferred.
- `kind` (String) Kind is the Kubernetes resource kind of the referent. For example'Service'.Defaults to 'Service' when not specified.ExternalName services can refer to CNAME DNS records that may liveoutside of the cluster and as such are difficult to reason about interms of conformance. They also may not be safe to forward to (seeCVE-2021-25740 for more information). Implementations SHOULD NOTsupport ExternalName Services.Support: Core (Services with a type other than ExternalName)Support: Implementation-specific (Services with type ExternalName)
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of the backend. When unspecified, the localnamespace is inferred.Note that when a namespace different than the local namespace is specified,a ReferenceGrant object is required in the referent namespace to allow thatnamespace's owner to accept the reference. See the ReferenceGrantdocumentation for details.Support: Core
- `port` (Number) Port specifies the destination port number to use for this resource.Port is required when the referent is a Kubernetes Service. In thiscase, the port number is the service port number, not the target port.For other resources, destination port might be derived from the referentresource or this field.
- `weight` (Number) Weight specifies the proportion of requests forwarded to the referencedbackend. This is computed as weight/(sum of all weights in thisBackendRefs list). For non-zero values, there may be some epsilon fromthe exact proportion defined here depending on the precision animplementation supports. Weight is not a percentage and the sum ofweights does not need to equal 100.If only one backend is specified and it has a weight greater than 0, 100%of the traffic is forwarded to that backend. If weight is set to 0, notraffic should be forwarded for this entry. If unspecified, weightdefaults to 1.Support for this field varies based on the context where used.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--rules--backend_refs--filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.backend_refs.filters`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type identifies the type of filter to apply. As with other API fields,types are classified into three conformance levels:- Core: Filter types and their corresponding configuration defined by  'Support: Core' in this package, e.g. 'RequestHeaderModifier'. All  implementations supporting GRPCRoute MUST support core filters.- Extended: Filter types and their corresponding configuration defined by  'Support: Extended' in this package, e.g. 'RequestMirror'. Implementers  are encouraged to support extended filters.- Implementation-specific: Filters that are defined and supported by specific vendors.  In the future, filters showing convergence in behavior across multiple  implementations will be considered for inclusion in extended or core  conformance levels. Filter-specific configuration for such filters  is specified using the ExtensionRef field. 'Type' MUST be set to  'ExtensionRef' for custom filters.Implementers are encouraged to define custom implementation types toextend the core API with implementation-specific behavior.If a reference to a custom filter type cannot be resolved, the filterMUST NOT be skipped. Instead, requests that would have been processed bythat filter MUST receive a HTTP error response.

Optional:

- `extension_ref` (Attributes) ExtensionRef is an optional, implementation-specific extension to the'filter' behavior.  For example, resource 'myroutefilter' in group'networking.example.net'). ExtensionRef MUST NOT be used for core andextended filters.Support: Implementation-specificThis filter can be used multiple times within the same rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rules--backend_refs--weight--extension_ref))
- `request_header_modifier` (Attributes) RequestHeaderModifier defines a schema for a filter that modifies requestheaders.Support: Core (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rules--backend_refs--weight--request_header_modifier))
- `request_mirror` (Attributes) RequestMirror defines a schema for a filter that mirrors requests.Requests are sent to the specified destination, but responses fromthat destination are ignored.This filter can be used multiple times within the same rule. Note thatnot all implementations will be able to support mirroring to multiplebackends.Support: Extended (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rules--backend_refs--weight--request_mirror))
- `response_header_modifier` (Attributes) ResponseHeaderModifier defines a schema for a filter that modifies responseheaders.Support: Extended (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rules--backend_refs--weight--response_header_modifier))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--rules--backend_refs--weight--extension_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.backend_refs.weight.extension_ref`

Required:

- `group` (String) Group is the group of the referent. For example, 'gateway.networking.k8s.io'.When unspecified or empty string, core API group is inferred.
- `kind` (String) Kind is kind of the referent. For example 'HTTPRoute' or 'Service'.
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the referent.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--rules--backend_refs--weight--request_header_modifier"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.backend_refs.weight.request_header_modifier`

Optional:

- `add` (Attributes List) Add adds the given header(s) (name, value) to the requestbefore the action. It appends to any existing values associatedwith the header name.Input:  GET /foo HTTP/1.1  my-header: fooConfig:  add:  - name: 'my-header'    value: 'bar,baz'Output:  GET /foo HTTP/1.1  my-header: foo,bar,baz (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rules--backend_refs--weight--request_header_modifier--add))
- `remove` (List of String) Remove the given header(s) from the HTTP request before the action. Thevalue of Remove is a list of HTTP header names. Note that the headernames are case-insensitive (seehttps://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc2616#section-4.2).Input:  GET /foo HTTP/1.1  my-header1: foo  my-header2: bar  my-header3: bazConfig:  remove: ['my-header1', 'my-header3']Output:  GET /foo HTTP/1.1  my-header2: bar
- `set` (Attributes List) Set overwrites the request with the given header (name, value)before the action.Input:  GET /foo HTTP/1.1  my-header: fooConfig:  set:  - name: 'my-header'    value: 'bar'Output:  GET /foo HTTP/1.1  my-header: bar (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rules--backend_refs--weight--request_header_modifier--set))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--rules--backend_refs--weight--request_header_modifier--add"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.backend_refs.weight.request_header_modifier.add`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the HTTP Header to be matched. Name matching MUST becase insensitive. (See https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7230#section-3.2).If multiple entries specify equivalent header names, the first entry withan equivalent name MUST be considered for a match. Subsequent entrieswith an equivalent header name MUST be ignored. Due to thecase-insensitivity of header names, 'foo' and 'Foo' are consideredequivalent.
- `value` (String) Value is the value of HTTP Header to be matched.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--rules--backend_refs--weight--request_header_modifier--set"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.backend_refs.weight.request_header_modifier.set`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the HTTP Header to be matched. Name matching MUST becase insensitive. (See https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7230#section-3.2).If multiple entries specify equivalent header names, the first entry withan equivalent name MUST be considered for a match. Subsequent entrieswith an equivalent header name MUST be ignored. Due to thecase-insensitivity of header names, 'foo' and 'Foo' are consideredequivalent.
- `value` (String) Value is the value of HTTP Header to be matched.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--rules--backend_refs--weight--request_mirror"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.backend_refs.weight.request_mirror`

Required:

- `backend_ref` (Attributes) BackendRef references a resource where mirrored requests are sent.Mirrored requests must be sent only to a single destination endpointwithin this BackendRef, irrespective of how many endpoints are presentwithin this BackendRef.If the referent cannot be found, this BackendRef is invalid and must bedropped from the Gateway. The controller must ensure the 'ResolvedRefs'condition on the Route status is set to 'status: False' and not configurethis backend in the underlying implementation.If there is a cross-namespace reference to an *existing* objectthat is not allowed by a ReferenceGrant, the controller must ensure the'ResolvedRefs'  condition on the Route is set to 'status: False',with the 'RefNotPermitted' reason and not configure this backend in theunderlying implementation.In either error case, the Message of the 'ResolvedRefs' Conditionshould be used to provide more detail about the problem.Support: Extended for Kubernetes ServiceSupport: Implementation-specific for any other resource (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rules--backend_refs--weight--request_mirror--backend_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--rules--backend_refs--weight--request_mirror--backend_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.backend_refs.weight.request_mirror.backend_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the referent.

Optional:

- `group` (String) Group is the group of the referent. For example, 'gateway.networking.k8s.io'.When unspecified or empty string, core API group is inferred.
- `kind` (String) Kind is the Kubernetes resource kind of the referent. For example'Service'.Defaults to 'Service' when not specified.ExternalName services can refer to CNAME DNS records that may liveoutside of the cluster and as such are difficult to reason about interms of conformance. They also may not be safe to forward to (seeCVE-2021-25740 for more information). Implementations SHOULD NOTsupport ExternalName Services.Support: Core (Services with a type other than ExternalName)Support: Implementation-specific (Services with type ExternalName)
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of the backend. When unspecified, the localnamespace is inferred.Note that when a namespace different than the local namespace is specified,a ReferenceGrant object is required in the referent namespace to allow thatnamespace's owner to accept the reference. See the ReferenceGrantdocumentation for details.Support: Core
- `port` (Number) Port specifies the destination port number to use for this resource.Port is required when the referent is a Kubernetes Service. In thiscase, the port number is the service port number, not the target port.For other resources, destination port might be derived from the referentresource or this field.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--rules--backend_refs--weight--response_header_modifier"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.backend_refs.weight.response_header_modifier`

Optional:

- `add` (Attributes List) Add adds the given header(s) (name, value) to the requestbefore the action. It appends to any existing values associatedwith the header name.Input:  GET /foo HTTP/1.1  my-header: fooConfig:  add:  - name: 'my-header'    value: 'bar,baz'Output:  GET /foo HTTP/1.1  my-header: foo,bar,baz (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rules--backend_refs--weight--response_header_modifier--add))
- `remove` (List of String) Remove the given header(s) from the HTTP request before the action. Thevalue of Remove is a list of HTTP header names. Note that the headernames are case-insensitive (seehttps://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc2616#section-4.2).Input:  GET /foo HTTP/1.1  my-header1: foo  my-header2: bar  my-header3: bazConfig:  remove: ['my-header1', 'my-header3']Output:  GET /foo HTTP/1.1  my-header2: bar
- `set` (Attributes List) Set overwrites the request with the given header (name, value)before the action.Input:  GET /foo HTTP/1.1  my-header: fooConfig:  set:  - name: 'my-header'    value: 'bar'Output:  GET /foo HTTP/1.1  my-header: bar (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rules--backend_refs--weight--response_header_modifier--set))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--rules--backend_refs--weight--response_header_modifier--add"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.backend_refs.weight.response_header_modifier.add`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the HTTP Header to be matched. Name matching MUST becase insensitive. (See https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7230#section-3.2).If multiple entries specify equivalent header names, the first entry withan equivalent name MUST be considered for a match. Subsequent entrieswith an equivalent header name MUST be ignored. Due to thecase-insensitivity of header names, 'foo' and 'Foo' are consideredequivalent.
- `value` (String) Value is the value of HTTP Header to be matched.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--rules--backend_refs--weight--response_header_modifier--set"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.backend_refs.weight.response_header_modifier.set`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the HTTP Header to be matched. Name matching MUST becase insensitive. (See https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7230#section-3.2).If multiple entries specify equivalent header names, the first entry withan equivalent name MUST be considered for a match. Subsequent entrieswith an equivalent header name MUST be ignored. Due to thecase-insensitivity of header names, 'foo' and 'Foo' are consideredequivalent.
- `value` (String) Value is the value of HTTP Header to be matched.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--rules--filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.filters`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type identifies the type of filter to apply. As with other API fields,types are classified into three conformance levels:- Core: Filter types and their corresponding configuration defined by  'Support: Core' in this package, e.g. 'RequestHeaderModifier'. All  implementations supporting GRPCRoute MUST support core filters.- Extended: Filter types and their corresponding configuration defined by  'Support: Extended' in this package, e.g. 'RequestMirror'. Implementers  are encouraged to support extended filters.- Implementation-specific: Filters that are defined and supported by specific vendors.  In the future, filters showing convergence in behavior across multiple  implementations will be considered for inclusion in extended or core  conformance levels. Filter-specific configuration for such filters  is specified using the ExtensionRef field. 'Type' MUST be set to  'ExtensionRef' for custom filters.Implementers are encouraged to define custom implementation types toextend the core API with implementation-specific behavior.If a reference to a custom filter type cannot be resolved, the filterMUST NOT be skipped. Instead, requests that would have been processed bythat filter MUST receive a HTTP error response.

Optional:

- `extension_ref` (Attributes) ExtensionRef is an optional, implementation-specific extension to the'filter' behavior.  For example, resource 'myroutefilter' in group'networking.example.net'). ExtensionRef MUST NOT be used for core andextended filters.Support: Implementation-specificThis filter can be used multiple times within the same rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rules--filters--extension_ref))
- `request_header_modifier` (Attributes) RequestHeaderModifier defines a schema for a filter that modifies requestheaders.Support: Core (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rules--filters--request_header_modifier))
- `request_mirror` (Attributes) RequestMirror defines a schema for a filter that mirrors requests.Requests are sent to the specified destination, but responses fromthat destination are ignored.This filter can be used multiple times within the same rule. Note thatnot all implementations will be able to support mirroring to multiplebackends.Support: Extended (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rules--filters--request_mirror))
- `response_header_modifier` (Attributes) ResponseHeaderModifier defines a schema for a filter that modifies responseheaders.Support: Extended (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rules--filters--response_header_modifier))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--rules--filters--extension_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.filters.extension_ref`

Required:

- `group` (String) Group is the group of the referent. For example, 'gateway.networking.k8s.io'.When unspecified or empty string, core API group is inferred.
- `kind` (String) Kind is kind of the referent. For example 'HTTPRoute' or 'Service'.
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the referent.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--rules--filters--request_header_modifier"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.filters.request_header_modifier`

Optional:

- `add` (Attributes List) Add adds the given header(s) (name, value) to the requestbefore the action. It appends to any existing values associatedwith the header name.Input:  GET /foo HTTP/1.1  my-header: fooConfig:  add:  - name: 'my-header'    value: 'bar,baz'Output:  GET /foo HTTP/1.1  my-header: foo,bar,baz (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rules--filters--response_header_modifier--add))
- `remove` (List of String) Remove the given header(s) from the HTTP request before the action. Thevalue of Remove is a list of HTTP header names. Note that the headernames are case-insensitive (seehttps://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc2616#section-4.2).Input:  GET /foo HTTP/1.1  my-header1: foo  my-header2: bar  my-header3: bazConfig:  remove: ['my-header1', 'my-header3']Output:  GET /foo HTTP/1.1  my-header2: bar
- `set` (Attributes List) Set overwrites the request with the given header (name, value)before the action.Input:  GET /foo HTTP/1.1  my-header: fooConfig:  set:  - name: 'my-header'    value: 'bar'Output:  GET /foo HTTP/1.1  my-header: bar (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rules--filters--response_header_modifier--set))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--rules--filters--response_header_modifier--add"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.filters.response_header_modifier.add`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the HTTP Header to be matched. Name matching MUST becase insensitive. (See https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7230#section-3.2).If multiple entries specify equivalent header names, the first entry withan equivalent name MUST be considered for a match. Subsequent entrieswith an equivalent header name MUST be ignored. Due to thecase-insensitivity of header names, 'foo' and 'Foo' are consideredequivalent.
- `value` (String) Value is the value of HTTP Header to be matched.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--rules--filters--response_header_modifier--set"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.filters.response_header_modifier.set`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the HTTP Header to be matched. Name matching MUST becase insensitive. (See https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7230#section-3.2).If multiple entries specify equivalent header names, the first entry withan equivalent name MUST be considered for a match. Subsequent entrieswith an equivalent header name MUST be ignored. Due to thecase-insensitivity of header names, 'foo' and 'Foo' are consideredequivalent.
- `value` (String) Value is the value of HTTP Header to be matched.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--rules--filters--request_mirror"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.filters.request_mirror`

Required:

- `backend_ref` (Attributes) BackendRef references a resource where mirrored requests are sent.Mirrored requests must be sent only to a single destination endpointwithin this BackendRef, irrespective of how many endpoints are presentwithin this BackendRef.If the referent cannot be found, this BackendRef is invalid and must bedropped from the Gateway. The controller must ensure the 'ResolvedRefs'condition on the Route status is set to 'status: False' and not configurethis backend in the underlying implementation.If there is a cross-namespace reference to an *existing* objectthat is not allowed by a ReferenceGrant, the controller must ensure the'ResolvedRefs'  condition on the Route is set to 'status: False',with the 'RefNotPermitted' reason and not configure this backend in theunderlying implementation.In either error case, the Message of the 'ResolvedRefs' Conditionshould be used to provide more detail about the problem.Support: Extended for Kubernetes ServiceSupport: Implementation-specific for any other resource (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rules--filters--response_header_modifier--backend_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--rules--filters--response_header_modifier--backend_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.filters.response_header_modifier.backend_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the referent.

Optional:

- `group` (String) Group is the group of the referent. For example, 'gateway.networking.k8s.io'.When unspecified or empty string, core API group is inferred.
- `kind` (String) Kind is the Kubernetes resource kind of the referent. For example'Service'.Defaults to 'Service' when not specified.ExternalName services can refer to CNAME DNS records that may liveoutside of the cluster and as such are difficult to reason about interms of conformance. They also may not be safe to forward to (seeCVE-2021-25740 for more information). Implementations SHOULD NOTsupport ExternalName Services.Support: Core (Services with a type other than ExternalName)Support: Implementation-specific (Services with type ExternalName)
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of the backend. When unspecified, the localnamespace is inferred.Note that when a namespace different than the local namespace is specified,a ReferenceGrant object is required in the referent namespace to allow thatnamespace's owner to accept the reference. See the ReferenceGrantdocumentation for details.Support: Core
- `port` (Number) Port specifies the destination port number to use for this resource.Port is required when the referent is a Kubernetes Service. In thiscase, the port number is the service port number, not the target port.For other resources, destination port might be derived from the referentresource or this field.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--rules--filters--response_header_modifier"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.filters.response_header_modifier`

Optional:

- `add` (Attributes List) Add adds the given header(s) (name, value) to the requestbefore the action. It appends to any existing values associatedwith the header name.Input:  GET /foo HTTP/1.1  my-header: fooConfig:  add:  - name: 'my-header'    value: 'bar,baz'Output:  GET /foo HTTP/1.1  my-header: foo,bar,baz (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rules--filters--response_header_modifier--add))
- `remove` (List of String) Remove the given header(s) from the HTTP request before the action. Thevalue of Remove is a list of HTTP header names. Note that the headernames are case-insensitive (seehttps://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc2616#section-4.2).Input:  GET /foo HTTP/1.1  my-header1: foo  my-header2: bar  my-header3: bazConfig:  remove: ['my-header1', 'my-header3']Output:  GET /foo HTTP/1.1  my-header2: bar
- `set` (Attributes List) Set overwrites the request with the given header (name, value)before the action.Input:  GET /foo HTTP/1.1  my-header: fooConfig:  set:  - name: 'my-header'    value: 'bar'Output:  GET /foo HTTP/1.1  my-header: bar (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rules--filters--response_header_modifier--set))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--rules--filters--response_header_modifier--add"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.filters.response_header_modifier.add`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the HTTP Header to be matched. Name matching MUST becase insensitive. (See https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7230#section-3.2).If multiple entries specify equivalent header names, the first entry withan equivalent name MUST be considered for a match. Subsequent entrieswith an equivalent header name MUST be ignored. Due to thecase-insensitivity of header names, 'foo' and 'Foo' are consideredequivalent.
- `value` (String) Value is the value of HTTP Header to be matched.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--rules--filters--response_header_modifier--set"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.filters.response_header_modifier.set`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the HTTP Header to be matched. Name matching MUST becase insensitive. (See https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7230#section-3.2).If multiple entries specify equivalent header names, the first entry withan equivalent name MUST be considered for a match. Subsequent entrieswith an equivalent header name MUST be ignored. Due to thecase-insensitivity of header names, 'foo' and 'Foo' are consideredequivalent.
- `value` (String) Value is the value of HTTP Header to be matched.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--rules--matches"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.matches`

Optional:

- `headers` (Attributes List) Headers specifies gRPC request header matchers. Multiple match values areANDed together, meaning, a request MUST match all the specified headersto select the route. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rules--matches--headers))
- `method` (Attributes) Method specifies a gRPC request service/method matcher. If this field isnot specified, all services and methods will match. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rules--matches--method))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--rules--matches--headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.matches.headers`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the gRPC Header to be matched.If multiple entries specify equivalent header names, only the firstentry with an equivalent name MUST be considered for a match. Subsequententries with an equivalent header name MUST be ignored. Due to thecase-insensitivity of header names, 'foo' and 'Foo' are consideredequivalent.
- `value` (String) Value is the value of the gRPC Header to be matched.

Optional:

- `type` (String) Type specifies how to match against the value of the header.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--rules--matches--method"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.matches.method`

Optional:

- `method` (String) Value of the method to match against. If left empty or omitted, willmatch all services.At least one of Service and Method MUST be a non-empty string.
- `service` (String) Value of the service to match against. If left empty or omitted, willmatch any service.At least one of Service and Method MUST be a non-empty string.
- `type` (String) Type specifies how to match against the service and/or method.Support: Core (Exact with service and method specified)Support: Implementation-specific (Exact with method specified but no service specified)Support: Implementation-specific (RegularExpression)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--rules--session_persistence"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.session_persistence`

Optional:

- `absolute_timeout` (String) AbsoluteTimeout defines the absolute timeout of the persistentsession. Once the AbsoluteTimeout duration has elapsed, thesession becomes invalid.Support: Extended
- `cookie_config` (Attributes) CookieConfig provides configuration settings that are specificto cookie-based session persistence.Support: Core (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rules--session_persistence--cookie_config))
- `idle_timeout` (String) IdleTimeout defines the idle timeout of the persistent session.Once the session has been idle for more than the specifiedIdleTimeout duration, the session becomes invalid.Support: Extended
- `session_name` (String) SessionName defines the name of the persistent session tokenwhich may be reflected in the cookie or the header. Usersshould avoid reusing session names to prevent unintendedconsequences, such as rejection or unpredictable behavior.Support: Implementation-specific
- `type` (String) Type defines the type of session persistence such as throughthe use a header or cookie. Defaults to cookie based sessionpersistence.Support: Core for 'Cookie' typeSupport: Extended for 'Header' type

<a id="nestedatt--spec--rules--session_persistence--cookie_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.session_persistence.cookie_config`

Optional:

- `lifetime_type` (String) LifetimeType specifies whether the cookie has a permanent orsession-based lifetime. A permanent cookie persists until itsspecified expiry time, defined by the Expires or Max-Age cookieattributes, while a session cookie is deleted when the currentsession ends.When set to 'Permanent', AbsoluteTimeout indicates thecookie's lifetime via the Expires or Max-Age cookie attributesand is required.When set to 'Session', AbsoluteTimeout indicates theabsolute lifetime of the cookie tracked by the gateway andis optional.Support: Core for 'Session' typeSupport: Extended for 'Permanent' type
