---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_gateway_nginx_org_nginx_proxy_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "gateway.nginx.org"
description: |-
  NginxProxy is a configuration object that is attached to a GatewayClass parametersRef. It provides a wayto configure global settings for all Gateways defined from the GatewayClass.
---

# k8s_gateway_nginx_org_nginx_proxy_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

NginxProxy is a configuration object that is attached to a GatewayClass parametersRef. It provides a wayto configure global settings for all Gateways defined from the GatewayClass.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_gateway_nginx_org_nginx_proxy_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"
  }
  spec = {}
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) Spec defines the desired state of the NginxProxy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `disable_http2` (Boolean) DisableHTTP2 defines if http2 should be disabled for all servers.Default is false, meaning http2 will be enabled for all servers.
- `ip_family` (String) IPFamily specifies the IP family to be used by the NGINX.Default is 'dual', meaning the server will use both IPv4 and IPv6.
- `rewrite_client_ip` (Attributes) RewriteClientIP defines configuration for rewriting the client IP to the original client's IP. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rewrite_client_ip))
- `telemetry` (Attributes) Telemetry specifies the OpenTelemetry configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--telemetry))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--rewrite_client_ip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rewrite_client_ip`

Optional:

- `mode` (String) Mode defines how NGINX will rewrite the client's IP address.There are two possible modes:- ProxyProtocol: NGINX will rewrite the client's IP using the PROXY protocol header.- XForwardedFor: NGINX will rewrite the client's IP using the X-Forwarded-For header.Sets NGINX directive real_ip_header: https://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_realip_module.html#real_ip_header
- `set_ip_recursively` (Boolean) SetIPRecursively configures whether recursive search is used when selecting the client's address fromthe X-Forwarded-For header. It is used in conjunction with TrustedAddresses.If enabled, NGINX will recurse on the values in X-Forwarded-Header from the end of arrayto start of array and select the first untrusted IP.For example, if X-Forwarded-For is [11.11.11.11, 22.22.22.22, 55.55.55.1],and TrustedAddresses is set to 55.55.55.1/32, NGINX will rewrite the client IP to 22.22.22.22.If disabled, NGINX will select the IP at the end of the array.In the previous example, 55.55.55.1 would be selected.Sets NGINX directive real_ip_recursive: https://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_realip_module.html#real_ip_recursive
- `trusted_addresses` (Attributes List) TrustedAddresses specifies the addresses that are trusted to send correct client IP information.If a request comes from a trusted address, NGINX will rewrite the client IP information,and forward it to the backend in the X-Forwarded-For* and X-Real-IP headers.If the request does not come from a trusted address, NGINX will not rewrite the client IP information.TrustedAddresses only supports CIDR blocks: 192.33.21.1/24, fe80::1/64.To trust all addresses (not recommended for production), set to 0.0.0.0/0.If no addresses are provided, NGINX will not rewrite the client IP information.Sets NGINX directive set_real_ip_from: https://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_realip_module.html#set_real_ip_fromThis field is required if mode is set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rewrite_client_ip--trusted_addresses))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--rewrite_client_ip--trusted_addresses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rewrite_client_ip.trusted_addresses`

Optional:

- `type` (String) Type specifies the type of address.Default is 'cidr' which specifies that the address is a CIDR block.
- `value` (String) Value specifies the address value.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--telemetry"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.telemetry`

Optional:

- `exporter` (Attributes) Exporter specifies OpenTelemetry export parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--telemetry--exporter))
- `service_name` (String) ServiceName is the 'service.name' attribute of the OpenTelemetry resource.Default is 'ngf:<gateway-namespace>:<gateway-name>'. If a value is provided by the user,then the default becomes a prefix to that value.
- `span_attributes` (Attributes List) SpanAttributes are custom key/value attributes that are added to each span. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--telemetry--span_attributes))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--telemetry--exporter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.telemetry.exporter`

Required:

- `endpoint` (String) Endpoint is the address of OTLP/gRPC endpoint that will accept telemetry data.Format: alphanumeric hostname with optional http scheme and optional port.

Optional:

- `batch_count` (Number) BatchCount is the number of pending batches per worker, spans exceeding the limit are dropped.Default: https://nginx.org/en/docs/ngx_otel_module.html#otel_exporter
- `batch_size` (Number) BatchSize is the maximum number of spans to be sent in one batch per worker.Default: https://nginx.org/en/docs/ngx_otel_module.html#otel_exporter
- `interval` (String) Interval is the maximum interval between two exports.Default: https://nginx.org/en/docs/ngx_otel_module.html#otel_exporter


<a id="nestedatt--spec--telemetry--span_attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.telemetry.span_attributes`

Required:

- `key` (String) Key is the key for a span attribute.Format: must have all ''' escaped and must not contain any '$' or end with an unescaped ''
- `value` (String) Value is the value for a span attribute.Format: must have all ''' escaped and must not contain any '$' or end with an unescaped ''
