---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_gateway_nginx_org_observability_policy_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "gateway.nginx.org"
description: |-
  ObservabilityPolicy is a Direct Attached Policy. It provides a way to configure observability settings forthe NGINX Gateway Fabric data plane. Used in conjunction with the NginxProxy CRD that is attached to theGatewayClass parametersRef.
---

# k8s_gateway_nginx_org_observability_policy_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

ObservabilityPolicy is a Direct Attached Policy. It provides a way to configure observability settings forthe NGINX Gateway Fabric data plane. Used in conjunction with the NginxProxy CRD that is attached to theGatewayClass parametersRef.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_gateway_nginx_org_observability_policy_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) Spec defines the desired state of the ObservabilityPolicy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `target_ref` (Attributes) TargetRef identifies an API object to apply the policy to.Object must be in the same namespace as the policy.Support: HTTPRoute (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--target_ref))

Optional:

- `tracing` (Attributes) Tracing allows for enabling and configuring tracing. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tracing))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--target_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.target_ref`

Required:

- `group` (String) Group is the group of the target resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is kind of the target resource.
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the target resource.

Optional:

- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of the referent. When unspecified, the localnamespace is inferred. Even when policy targets a resource in a differentnamespace, it MUST only apply to traffic originating from the samenamespace as the policy.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tracing"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tracing`

Required:

- `strategy` (String) Strategy defines if tracing is ratio-based or parent-based.

Optional:

- `context` (String) Context specifies how to propagate traceparent/tracestate headers.Default: https://nginx.org/en/docs/ngx_otel_module.html#otel_trace_context
- `ratio` (Number) Ratio is the percentage of traffic that should be sampled. Integer from 0 to 100.By default, 100% of http requests are traced. Not applicable for parent-based tracing.
- `span_attributes` (Attributes List) SpanAttributes are custom key/value attributes that are added to each span. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tracing--span_attributes))
- `span_name` (String) SpanName defines the name of the Otel span. By default is the name of the location for a request.If specified, applies to all locations that are created for a route.Format: must have all ''' escaped and must not contain any '$' or end with an unescaped ''Examples of invalid names: some-$value, quoted-'value'-name, unescaped

<a id="nestedatt--spec--tracing--span_attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tracing.span_attributes`

Required:

- `key` (String) Key is the key for a span attribute.Format: must have all ''' escaped and must not contain any '$' or end with an unescaped ''
- `value` (String) Value is the value for a span attribute.Format: must have all ''' escaped and must not contain any '$' or end with an unescaped ''
