---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_gateway_networking_k8s_io_reference_grant_v1alpha2_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "gateway.networking.k8s.io"
description: |-
  ReferenceGrant identifies kinds of resources in other namespaces that are trusted to reference the specified kinds of resources in the same namespace as the policy.  Each ReferenceGrant can be used to represent a unique trust relationship. Additional Reference Grants can be used to add to the set of trusted sources of inbound references for the namespace they are defined within.  A ReferenceGrant is required for all cross-namespace references in Gateway API (with the exception of cross-namespace Route-Gateway attachment, which is governed by the AllowedRoutes configuration on the Gateway, and cross-namespace Service ParentRefs on a 'consumer' mesh Route, which defines routing rules applicable only to workloads in the Route namespace). ReferenceGrants allowing a reference from a Route to a Service are only applicable to BackendRefs.  ReferenceGrant is a form of runtime verification allowing users to assert which cross-namespace object references are permitted. Implementations that support ReferenceGrant MUST NOT permit cross-namespace references which have no grant, and MUST respond to the removal of a grant by revoking the access that the grant allowed.
---

# k8s_gateway_networking_k8s_io_reference_grant_v1alpha2_manifest (Data Source)

ReferenceGrant identifies kinds of resources in other namespaces that are trusted to reference the specified kinds of resources in the same namespace as the policy.  Each ReferenceGrant can be used to represent a unique trust relationship. Additional Reference Grants can be used to add to the set of trusted sources of inbound references for the namespace they are defined within.  A ReferenceGrant is required for all cross-namespace references in Gateway API (with the exception of cross-namespace Route-Gateway attachment, which is governed by the AllowedRoutes configuration on the Gateway, and cross-namespace Service ParentRefs on a 'consumer' mesh Route, which defines routing rules applicable only to workloads in the Route namespace). ReferenceGrants allowing a reference from a Route to a Service are only applicable to BackendRefs.  ReferenceGrant is a form of runtime verification allowing users to assert which cross-namespace object references are permitted. Implementations that support ReferenceGrant MUST NOT permit cross-namespace references which have no grant, and MUST respond to the removal of a grant by revoking the access that the grant allowed.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_gateway_networking_k8s_io_reference_grant_v1alpha2_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) Spec defines the desired state of ReferenceGrant. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `from` (Attributes List) From describes the trusted namespaces and kinds that can reference the resources described in 'To'. Each entry in this list MUST be considered to be an additional place that references can be valid from, or to put this another way, entries MUST be combined using OR.  Support: Core (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--from))
- `to` (Attributes List) To describes the resources that may be referenced by the resources described in 'From'. Each entry in this list MUST be considered to be an additional place that references can be valid to, or to put this another way, entries MUST be combined using OR.  Support: Core (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--to))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.from`

Required:

- `group` (String) Group is the group of the referent. When empty, the Kubernetes core API group is inferred.  Support: Core
- `kind` (String) Kind is the kind of the referent. Although implementations may support additional resources, the following types are part of the 'Core' support level for this field.  When used to permit a SecretObjectReference:  * Gateway  When used to permit a BackendObjectReference:  * GRPCRoute * HTTPRoute * TCPRoute * TLSRoute * UDPRoute
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of the referent.  Support: Core


<a id="nestedatt--spec--to"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.to`

Required:

- `group` (String) Group is the group of the referent. When empty, the Kubernetes core API group is inferred.  Support: Core
- `kind` (String) Kind is the kind of the referent. Although implementations may support additional resources, the following types are part of the 'Core' support level for this field:  * Secret when used to permit a SecretObjectReference * Service when used to permit a BackendObjectReference

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the referent. When unspecified, this policy refers to all resources of the specified Group and Kind in the local namespace.
