---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_gateway_networking_k8s_io_tls_route_v1alpha2_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "gateway.networking.k8s.io"
description: |-
  The TLSRoute resource is similar to TCPRoute, but can be configured to match against TLS-specific metadata. This allows more flexibility in matching streams for a given TLS listener.  If you need to forward traffic to a single target for a TLS listener, you could choose to use a TCPRoute with a TLS listener.
---

# k8s_gateway_networking_k8s_io_tls_route_v1alpha2_manifest (Data Source)

The TLSRoute resource is similar to TCPRoute, but can be configured to match against TLS-specific metadata. This allows more flexibility in matching streams for a given TLS listener.  If you need to forward traffic to a single target for a TLS listener, you could choose to use a TCPRoute with a TLS listener.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_gateway_networking_k8s_io_tls_route_v1alpha2_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
  spec = {
    rules = []
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) Spec defines the desired state of TLSRoute. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `rules` (Attributes List) Rules are a list of TLS matchers and actions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rules))

Optional:

- `hostnames` (List of String) Hostnames defines a set of SNI names that should match against the SNI attribute of TLS ClientHello message in TLS handshake. This matches the RFC 1123 definition of a hostname with 2 notable exceptions:  1. IPs are not allowed in SNI names per RFC 6066. 2. A hostname may be prefixed with a wildcard label ('*.'). The wildcard label must appear by itself as the first label.  If a hostname is specified by both the Listener and TLSRoute, there must be at least one intersecting hostname for the TLSRoute to be attached to the Listener. For example:  * A Listener with 'test.example.com' as the hostname matches TLSRoutes that have either not specified any hostnames, or have specified at least one of 'test.example.com' or '*.example.com'. * A Listener with '*.example.com' as the hostname matches TLSRoutes that have either not specified any hostnames or have specified at least one hostname that matches the Listener hostname. For example, 'test.example.com' and '*.example.com' would both match. On the other hand, 'example.com' and 'test.example.net' would not match.  If both the Listener and TLSRoute have specified hostnames, any TLSRoute hostnames that do not match the Listener hostname MUST be ignored. For example, if a Listener specified '*.example.com', and the TLSRoute specified 'test.example.com' and 'test.example.net', 'test.example.net' must not be considered for a match.  If both the Listener and TLSRoute have specified hostnames, and none match with the criteria above, then the TLSRoute is not accepted. The implementation must raise an 'Accepted' Condition with a status of 'False' in the corresponding RouteParentStatus.  Support: Core
- `parent_refs` (Attributes List) ParentRefs references the resources (usually Gateways) that a Route wants to be attached to. Note that the referenced parent resource needs to allow this for the attachment to be complete. For Gateways, that means the Gateway needs to allow attachment from Routes of this kind and namespace. For Services, that means the Service must either be in the same namespace for a 'producer' route, or the mesh implementation must support and allow 'consumer' routes for the referenced Service. ReferenceGrant is not applicable for governing ParentRefs to Services - it is not possible to create a 'producer' route for a Service in a different namespace from the Route.  There are two kinds of parent resources with 'Core' support:  * Gateway (Gateway conformance profile) * Service (Mesh conformance profile, experimental, ClusterIP Services only)  This API may be extended in the future to support additional kinds of parent resources.  It is invalid to reference an identical parent more than once. It is valid to reference multiple distinct sections within the same parent resource, such as two separate Listeners on the same Gateway or two separate ports on the same Service.  It is possible to separately reference multiple distinct objects that may be collapsed by an implementation. For example, some implementations may choose to merge compatible Gateway Listeners together. If that is the case, the list of routes attached to those resources should also be merged.  Note that for ParentRefs that cross namespace boundaries, there are specific rules. Cross-namespace references are only valid if they are explicitly allowed by something in the namespace they are referring to. For example, Gateway has the AllowedRoutes field, and ReferenceGrant provides a generic way to enable other kinds of cross-namespace reference.  ParentRefs from a Route to a Service in the same namespace are 'producer' routes, which apply default routing rules to inbound connections from any namespace to the Service.  ParentRefs from a Route to a Service in a different namespace are 'consumer' routes, and these routing rules are only applied to outbound connections originating from the same namespace as the Route, for which the intended destination of the connections are a Service targeted as a ParentRef of the Route. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--parent_refs))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules`

Optional:

- `backend_refs` (Attributes List) BackendRefs defines the backend(s) where matching requests should be sent. If unspecified or invalid (refers to a non-existent resource or a Service with no endpoints), the rule performs no forwarding; if no filters are specified that would result in a response being sent, the underlying implementation must actively reject request attempts to this backend, by rejecting the connection or returning a 500 status code. Request rejections must respect weight; if an invalid backend is requested to have 80% of requests, then 80% of requests must be rejected instead.  Support: Core for Kubernetes Service  Support: Extended for Kubernetes ServiceImport  Support: Implementation-specific for any other resource  Support for weight: Extended (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rules--backend_refs))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--rules--backend_refs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.backend_refs`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the referent.

Optional:

- `group` (String) Group is the group of the referent. For example, 'gateway.networking.k8s.io'. When unspecified or empty string, core API group is inferred.
- `kind` (String) Kind is the Kubernetes resource kind of the referent. For example 'Service'.  Defaults to 'Service' when not specified.  ExternalName services can refer to CNAME DNS records that may live outside of the cluster and as such are difficult to reason about in terms of conformance. They also may not be safe to forward to (see CVE-2021-25740 for more information). Implementations SHOULD NOT support ExternalName Services.  Support: Core (Services with a type other than ExternalName)  Support: Implementation-specific (Services with type ExternalName)
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of the backend. When unspecified, the local namespace is inferred.  Note that when a namespace different than the local namespace is specified, a ReferenceGrant object is required in the referent namespace to allow that namespace's owner to accept the reference. See the ReferenceGrant documentation for details.  Support: Core
- `port` (Number) Port specifies the destination port number to use for this resource. Port is required when the referent is a Kubernetes Service. In this case, the port number is the service port number, not the target port. For other resources, destination port might be derived from the referent resource or this field.
- `weight` (Number) Weight specifies the proportion of requests forwarded to the referenced backend. This is computed as weight/(sum of all weights in this BackendRefs list). For non-zero values, there may be some epsilon from the exact proportion defined here depending on the precision an implementation supports. Weight is not a percentage and the sum of weights does not need to equal 100.  If only one backend is specified and it has a weight greater than 0, 100% of the traffic is forwarded to that backend. If weight is set to 0, no traffic should be forwarded for this entry. If unspecified, weight defaults to 1.  Support for this field varies based on the context where used.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--parent_refs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.parent_refs`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the referent.  Support: Core

Optional:

- `group` (String) Group is the group of the referent. When unspecified, 'gateway.networking.k8s.io' is inferred. To set the core API group (such as for a 'Service' kind referent), Group must be explicitly set to '' (empty string).  Support: Core
- `kind` (String) Kind is kind of the referent.  There are two kinds of parent resources with 'Core' support:  * Gateway (Gateway conformance profile) * Service (Mesh conformance profile, experimental, ClusterIP Services only)  Support for other resources is Implementation-Specific.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of the referent. When unspecified, this refers to the local namespace of the Route.  Note that there are specific rules for ParentRefs which cross namespace boundaries. Cross-namespace references are only valid if they are explicitly allowed by something in the namespace they are referring to. For example: Gateway has the AllowedRoutes field, and ReferenceGrant provides a generic way to enable any other kind of cross-namespace reference.  ParentRefs from a Route to a Service in the same namespace are 'producer' routes, which apply default routing rules to inbound connections from any namespace to the Service.  ParentRefs from a Route to a Service in a different namespace are 'consumer' routes, and these routing rules are only applied to outbound connections originating from the same namespace as the Route, for which the intended destination of the connections are a Service targeted as a ParentRef of the Route.  Support: Core
- `port` (Number) Port is the network port this Route targets. It can be interpreted differently based on the type of parent resource.  When the parent resource is a Gateway, this targets all listeners listening on the specified port that also support this kind of Route(and select this Route). It's not recommended to set 'Port' unless the networking behaviors specified in a Route must apply to a specific port as opposed to a listener(s) whose port(s) may be changed. When both Port and SectionName are specified, the name and port of the selected listener must match both specified values.  When the parent resource is a Service, this targets a specific port in the Service spec. When both Port (experimental) and SectionName are specified, the name and port of the selected port must match both specified values.  Implementations MAY choose to support other parent resources. Implementations supporting other types of parent resources MUST clearly document how/if Port is interpreted.  For the purpose of status, an attachment is considered successful as long as the parent resource accepts it partially. For example, Gateway listeners can restrict which Routes can attach to them by Route kind, namespace, or hostname. If 1 of 2 Gateway listeners accept attachment from the referencing Route, the Route MUST be considered successfully attached. If no Gateway listeners accept attachment from this Route, the Route MUST be considered detached from the Gateway.  Support: Extended
- `section_name` (String) SectionName is the name of a section within the target resource. In the following resources, SectionName is interpreted as the following:  * Gateway: Listener Name. When both Port (experimental) and SectionName are specified, the name and port of the selected listener must match both specified values. * Service: Port Name. When both Port (experimental) and SectionName are specified, the name and port of the selected listener must match both specified values. Note that attaching Routes to Services as Parents is part of experimental Mesh support and is not supported for any other purpose.  Implementations MAY choose to support attaching Routes to other resources. If that is the case, they MUST clearly document how SectionName is interpreted.  When unspecified (empty string), this will reference the entire resource. For the purpose of status, an attachment is considered successful if at least one section in the parent resource accepts it. For example, Gateway listeners can restrict which Routes can attach to them by Route kind, namespace, or hostname. If 1 of 2 Gateway listeners accept attachment from the referencing Route, the Route MUST be considered successfully attached. If no Gateway listeners accept attachment from this Route, the Route MUST be considered detached from the Gateway.  Support: Core
