---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_gateway_networking_k8s_io_gateway_class_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "gateway.networking.k8s.io"
description: |-
  GatewayClass describes a class of Gateways available to the user for creatingGateway resources.It is recommended that this resource be used as a template for Gateways. Thismeans that a Gateway is based on the state of the GatewayClass at the time itwas created and changes to the GatewayClass or associated parameters are notpropagated down to existing Gateways. This recommendation is intended tolimit the blast radius of changes to GatewayClass or associated parameters.If implementations choose to propagate GatewayClass changes to existingGateways, that MUST be clearly documented by the implementation.Whenever one or more Gateways are using a GatewayClass, implementations SHOULDadd the 'gateway-exists-finalizer.gateway.networking.k8s.io' finalizer on theassociated GatewayClass. This ensures that a GatewayClass associated with aGateway is not deleted while in use.GatewayClass is a Cluster level resource.
---

# k8s_gateway_networking_k8s_io_gateway_class_v1_manifest (Data Source)

GatewayClass describes a class of Gateways available to the user for creatingGateway resources.It is recommended that this resource be used as a template for Gateways. Thismeans that a Gateway is based on the state of the GatewayClass at the time itwas created and changes to the GatewayClass or associated parameters are notpropagated down to existing Gateways. This recommendation is intended tolimit the blast radius of changes to GatewayClass or associated parameters.If implementations choose to propagate GatewayClass changes to existingGateways, that MUST be clearly documented by the implementation.Whenever one or more Gateways are using a GatewayClass, implementations SHOULDadd the 'gateway-exists-finalizer.gateway.networking.k8s.io' finalizer on theassociated GatewayClass. This ensures that a GatewayClass associated with aGateway is not deleted while in use.GatewayClass is a Cluster level resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_gateway_networking_k8s_io_gateway_class_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"
  }
  spec = {
    controller_name = "some/controller"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) Spec defines the desired state of GatewayClass. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `controller_name` (String) ControllerName is the name of the controller that is managing Gateways ofthis class. The value of this field MUST be a domain prefixed path.Example: 'example.net/gateway-controller'.This field is not mutable and cannot be empty.Support: Core

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description helps describe a GatewayClass with more details.
- `parameters_ref` (Attributes) ParametersRef is a reference to a resource that contains the configurationparameters corresponding to the GatewayClass. This is optional if thecontroller does not require any additional configuration.ParametersRef can reference a standard Kubernetes resource, i.e. ConfigMap,or an implementation-specific custom resource. The resource can becluster-scoped or namespace-scoped.If the referent cannot be found, the GatewayClass's 'InvalidParameters'status condition will be true.Support: Implementation-specific (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--parameters_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--parameters_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.parameters_ref`

Required:

- `group` (String) Group is the group of the referent.
- `kind` (String) Kind is kind of the referent.
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the referent.

Optional:

- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of the referent.This field is required when referring to a Namespace-scoped resource andMUST be unset when referring to a Cluster-scoped resource.
