---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_getambassador_io_dev_portal_v1 Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "getambassador.io"
description: |-
  DevPortal is the Schema for the DevPortals API  DevPortal resources specify the 'what' and 'how' is shown in a DevPortal:  1. 'what' is in a DevPortal can be controlled with  - a 'selector', that can be used for filtering 'Mappings'.  - a 'docs' listing of (services, url)  2. 'how' is a pointer to some 'contents' (a checkout of a Git repository with go-templates/markdown/css).  Multiple 'DevPortal's can exist in the cluster, and the Dev Portal server will show them at different endpoints. A 'DevPortal' resource with a special name, 'ambassador', will be used for configuring the default Dev Portal (served at '/docs/' by default).
---

# k8s_getambassador_io_dev_portal_v1 (Data Source)

DevPortal is the Schema for the DevPortals API  DevPortal resources specify the 'what' and 'how' is shown in a DevPortal:  1. 'what' is in a DevPortal can be controlled with  - a 'selector', that can be used for filtering 'Mappings'.  - a 'docs' listing of (services, url)  2. 'how' is a pointer to some 'contents' (a checkout of a Git repository with go-templates/markdown/css).  Multiple 'DevPortal's can exist in the cluster, and the Dev Portal server will show them at different endpoints. A 'DevPortal' resource with a special name, 'ambassador', will be used for configuring the default Dev Portal (served at '/docs/' by default).

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_getambassador_io_dev_portal_v1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `spec` (Attributes) DevPortalSpec defines the desired state of DevPortal (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Read-Only:

- `ambassador_id` (List of String) AmbassadorID declares which Ambassador instances should pay attention to this resource.  May either be a string or a list of strings.  If no value is provided, the default is:  ambassador_id: - 'default'
- `content` (Attributes) Content specifies where the content shown in the DevPortal come from (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--content))
- `default` (Boolean) Default must be true when this is the default DevPortal
- `docs` (Attributes List) Docs is a static docs definition (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--docs))
- `naming_scheme` (String) Describes how to display 'services' in the DevPortal. Default namespace.name
- `preserve_servers` (Boolean) Configures this DevPortal to use server definitions from the openAPI doc instead of rewriting them based on the url used for the connection.
- `search` (Attributes) DevPortalSearchSpec allows configuration over search functionality for the DevPortal (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--search))
- `selector` (Attributes) Selector is used for choosing what is shown in the DevPortal (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--selector))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--content"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.content`

Read-Only:

- `branch` (String)
- `dir` (String)
- `url` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--docs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.docs`

Read-Only:

- `service` (String) Service is the service being documented
- `timeout_ms` (Number) Timeout specifies the amount of time devportal will wait for the downstream service to report an openapi spec back
- `url` (String) URL is the URL used for obtaining docs


<a id="nestedatt--spec--search"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.search`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `type` (String) Type of search. 'title-only' does a fuzzy search over openapi and page titles 'all-content' will fuzzy search over all openapi and page content. 'title-only' is the default. warning:  using all-content may incur a larger memory footprint


<a id="nestedatt--spec--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.selector`

Read-Only:

- `match_labels` (Map of String) MatchLabels specifies the list of labels that must be present in Mappings for being present in this DevPortal.
- `match_namespaces` (List of String) MatchNamespaces is a list of namespaces that will be included in this DevPortal.
