---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_getambassador_io_log_service_v2 Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "getambassador.io"
description: |-
  LogService is the Schema for the logservices API
---

# k8s_getambassador_io_log_service_v2 (Data Source)

LogService is the Schema for the logservices API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_getambassador_io_log_service_v2" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `spec` (Attributes) LogServiceSpec defines the desired state of LogService (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Read-Only:

- `ambassador_id` (List of String) AmbassadorID declares which Ambassador instances should pay attention to this resource.  May either be a string or a list of strings.  If no value is provided, the default is:  ambassador_id: - 'default'
- `driver` (String)
- `driver_config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--driver_config))
- `flush_interval_byte_size` (Number)
- `flush_interval_time` (Number)
- `grpc` (Boolean)
- `service` (String)
- `v3_protocol_version` (String)
- `v3_stats_name` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--driver_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.driver_config`

Read-Only:

- `additional_log_headers` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--driver_config--additional_log_headers))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--driver_config--additional_log_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.driver_config.additional_log_headers`

Read-Only:

- `during_request` (Boolean)
- `during_response` (Boolean)
- `during_trailer` (Boolean)
- `header_name` (String)
