---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_getambassador_io_host_v3alpha1 Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "getambassador.io"
description: |-
  Host is the Schema for the hosts API
---

# k8s_getambassador_io_host_v3alpha1 (Data Source)

Host is the Schema for the hosts API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_getambassador_io_host_v3alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) The API group of the requested resource.
- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `kind` (String) The type of the requested resource.
- `spec` (Attributes) HostSpec defines the desired state of Host (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Read-Only:

- `acme_provider` (Attributes) Specifies whether/who to talk ACME with to automatically manage the $tlsSecret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--acme_provider))
- `ambassador_id` (List of String) Common to all Ambassador objects (and optional).
- `hostname` (String) Hostname by which the Ambassador can be reached.
- `mapping_selector` (Attributes) Selector for Mappings we'll associate with this Host. At the moment, Selector and MappingSelector are synonyms, but that will change soon. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mapping_selector))
- `preview_url` (Attributes) Configuration for the Preview URL feature of Service Preview. Defaults to preview URLs not enabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--preview_url))
- `request_policy` (Attributes) Request policy definition. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--request_policy))
- `selector` (Attributes) DEPRECATED: Selector by which we can find further configuration. Use MappingSelector instead. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--selector))
- `tls` (Attributes) TLS configuration.  It is not valid to specify both 'tlsContext' and 'tls'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tls))
- `tls_context` (Attributes) Name of the TLSContext the Host resource is linked with. It is not valid to specify both 'tlsContext' and 'tls'.  Note that this is a native-Kubernetes-style core.v1.LocalObjectReference, not an Ambassador-style '{name}.{namespace}' string.  Because we're opinionated, it does not support referencing a Secret in another namespace (because most native Kubernetes resources don't support that), but if we ever abandon that opinion and decide to support non-local references it, it would be by adding a 'namespace:' field by changing it from a core.v1.LocalObjectReference to a core.v1.SecretReference, not by adopting the '{name}.{namespace}' notation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tls_context))
- `tls_secret` (Attributes) Name of the Kubernetes secret into which to save generated certificates.  If ACME is enabled (see $acmeProvider), then the default is $hostname; otherwise the default is ''.  If the value is '', then we do not do TLS for this Host. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tls_secret))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--acme_provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.acme_provider`

Read-Only:

- `authority` (String) Specifies who to talk ACME with to get certs. Defaults to Let's Encrypt; if 'none' (case-insensitive), do not try to do ACME for this Host.
- `email` (String)
- `private_key_secret` (Attributes) Specifies the Kubernetes Secret to use to store the private key of the ACME account (essentially, where to store the auto-generated password for the auto-created ACME account).  You should not normally need to set this--the default value is based on a combination of the ACME authority being registered wit and the email address associated with the account.  Note that this is a native-Kubernetes-style core.v1.LocalObjectReference, not an Ambassador-style '{name}.{namespace}' string.  Because we're opinionated, it does not support referencing a Secret in another namespace (because most native Kubernetes resources don't support that), but if we ever abandon that opinion and decide to support non-local references it, it would be by adding a 'namespace:' field by changing it from a core.v1.LocalObjectReference to a core.v1.SecretReference, not by adopting the '{name}.{namespace}' notation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--acme_provider--private_key_secret))
- `registration` (String) This is normally set automatically

<a id="nestedatt--spec--acme_provider--private_key_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.acme_provider.private_key_secret`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?



<a id="nestedatt--spec--mapping_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mapping_selector`

Read-Only:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mapping_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--mapping_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mapping_selector.match_expressions`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.
- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--preview_url"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.preview_url`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Is the Preview URL feature enabled?
- `type` (String) What type of Preview URL is allowed?


<a id="nestedatt--spec--request_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.request_policy`

Read-Only:

- `insecure` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--request_policy--insecure))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--request_policy--insecure"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.request_policy.insecure`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String)
- `additional_port` (Number)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.selector`

Read-Only:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.selector.match_expressions`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.
- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tls`

Read-Only:

- `alpn_protocols` (String)
- `ca_secret` (String)
- `cacert_chain_file` (String)
- `cert_chain_file` (String)
- `cert_required` (Boolean)
- `cipher_suites` (List of String)
- `crl_secret` (String)
- `ecdh_curves` (List of String)
- `max_tls_version` (String)
- `min_tls_version` (String)
- `private_key_file` (String)
- `redirect_cleartext_from` (Number)
- `sni` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tls_context"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tls_context`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tls_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tls_secret`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) name is unique within a namespace to reference a secret resource.
- `namespace` (String) namespace defines the space within which the secret name must be unique.
