---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_grafana_integreatly_org_grafana_dashboard_v1beta1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "grafana.integreatly.org"
description: |-
  GrafanaDashboard is the Schema for the grafanadashboards API
---

# k8s_grafana_integreatly_org_grafana_dashboard_v1beta1_manifest (Data Source)

GrafanaDashboard is the Schema for the grafanadashboards API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_grafana_integreatly_org_grafana_dashboard_v1beta1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) GrafanaDashboardSpec defines the desired state of GrafanaDashboard (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `instance_selector` (Attributes) selects Grafanas for import (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--instance_selector))

Optional:

- `allow_cross_namespace_import` (Boolean) allow to import this resources from an operator in a different namespace
- `config_map_ref` (Attributes) dashboard from configmap (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--config_map_ref))
- `content_cache_duration` (String) Cache duration for dashboards fetched from URLs
- `datasources` (Attributes List) maps required data sources to existing ones (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--datasources))
- `env_from` (Attributes List) environments variables from secrets or config maps (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--env_from))
- `envs` (Attributes List) environments variables as a map (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--envs))
- `folder` (String) folder assignment for dashboard
- `folder_ref` (String) Name of a 'GrafanaFolder' resource in the same namespace
- `folder_uid` (String) UID of the target folder for this dashboard
- `grafana_com` (Attributes) grafana.com/dashboards (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--grafana_com))
- `gzip_json` (String) GzipJson the dashboard's JSON compressed with Gzip. Base64-encoded when in YAML.
- `json` (String) dashboard json
- `jsonnet` (String) Jsonnet
- `jsonnet_lib` (Attributes) Jsonnet project build (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--jsonnet_lib))
- `plugins` (Attributes List) plugins (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--plugins))
- `resync_period` (String) how often the dashboard is refreshed, defaults to 5m if not set
- `url` (String) dashboard url
- `url_authorization` (Attributes) authorization options for dashboard from url (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--url_authorization))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--instance_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.instance_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--instance_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--instance_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.instance_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--config_map_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config_map_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key to select.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. This field is effectively required, but due to backwards compatibility is allowed to be empty. Instances of this type with an empty value here are almost certainly wrong. TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid? More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Drop 'kubebuilder:default' when controller-gen doesn't need it https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder/issues/3896.
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the ConfigMap or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--datasources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.datasources`

Required:

- `datasource_name` (String)
- `input_name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--env_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.env_from`

Optional:

- `config_map_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a ConfigMap. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--env_from--config_map_key_ref))
- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a Secret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--env_from--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--env_from--config_map_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.env_from.config_map_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key to select.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. This field is effectively required, but due to backwards compatibility is allowed to be empty. Instances of this type with an empty value here are almost certainly wrong. TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid? More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Drop 'kubebuilder:default' when controller-gen doesn't need it https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder/issues/3896.
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the ConfigMap or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--env_from--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.env_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from. Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. This field is effectively required, but due to backwards compatibility is allowed to be empty. Instances of this type with an empty value here are almost certainly wrong. TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid? More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Drop 'kubebuilder:default' when controller-gen doesn't need it https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder/issues/3896.
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined



<a id="nestedatt--spec--envs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.envs`

Required:

- `name` (String)

Optional:

- `value` (String) Inline evn value
- `value_from` (Attributes) Reference on value source, might be the reference on a secret or config map (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--envs--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--envs--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.envs.value_from`

Optional:

- `config_map_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a ConfigMap. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--envs--value_from--config_map_key_ref))
- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a Secret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--envs--value_from--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--envs--value_from--config_map_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.envs.value_from.config_map_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key to select.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. This field is effectively required, but due to backwards compatibility is allowed to be empty. Instances of this type with an empty value here are almost certainly wrong. TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid? More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Drop 'kubebuilder:default' when controller-gen doesn't need it https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder/issues/3896.
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the ConfigMap or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--envs--value_from--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.envs.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from. Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. This field is effectively required, but due to backwards compatibility is allowed to be empty. Instances of this type with an empty value here are almost certainly wrong. TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid? More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Drop 'kubebuilder:default' when controller-gen doesn't need it https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder/issues/3896.
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined




<a id="nestedatt--spec--grafana_com"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.grafana_com`

Required:

- `id` (Number)

Optional:

- `revision` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--jsonnet_lib"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.jsonnet_lib`

Required:

- `file_name` (String)
- `gzip_jsonnet_project` (String)

Optional:

- `j_path` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--plugins"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.plugins`

Required:

- `name` (String)
- `version` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--url_authorization"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.url_authorization`

Optional:

- `basic_auth` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--url_authorization--basic_auth))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--url_authorization--basic_auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.url_authorization.basic_auth`

Optional:

- `password` (Attributes) SecretKeySelector selects a key of a Secret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--url_authorization--basic_auth--password))
- `username` (Attributes) SecretKeySelector selects a key of a Secret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--url_authorization--basic_auth--username))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--url_authorization--basic_auth--password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.url_authorization.basic_auth.password`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from. Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. This field is effectively required, but due to backwards compatibility is allowed to be empty. Instances of this type with an empty value here are almost certainly wrong. TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid? More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Drop 'kubebuilder:default' when controller-gen doesn't need it https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder/issues/3896.
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--url_authorization--basic_auth--username"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.url_authorization.basic_auth.username`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from. Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. This field is effectively required, but due to backwards compatibility is allowed to be empty. Instances of this type with an empty value here are almost certainly wrong. TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid? More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Drop 'kubebuilder:default' when controller-gen doesn't need it https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder/issues/3896.
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined
