---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_hazelcast_com_hazelcast_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "hazelcast.com"
description: |-
  Hazelcast is the Schema for the hazelcasts API
---

# k8s_hazelcast_com_hazelcast_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

Hazelcast is the Schema for the hazelcasts API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_hazelcast_com_hazelcast_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) Initial values will be filled with its fields' default values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `advanced_network` (Attributes) Hazelcast Advanced Network configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--advanced_network))
- `agent` (Attributes) B&R Agent configurations (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--agent))
- `annotations` (Map of String) Hazelcast Kubernetes resource annotations
- `cluster_name` (String) Name of the Hazelcast cluster.
- `cluster_size` (Number) Number of Hazelcast members in the cluster.
- `cp_subsystem` (Attributes) CPSubsystem is the configuration of the Hazelcast CP Subsystem. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cp_subsystem))
- `custom_config_cm_name` (String) Name of the ConfigMap with the Hazelcast custom configuration. This configuration from the ConfigMap might be overridden by the Hazelcast CR configuration.
- `durable_executor_services` (Attributes List) Durable Executor Service configurations, see https://docs.hazelcast.com/hazelcast/latest/computing/durable-executor-service (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--durable_executor_services))
- `executor_services` (Attributes List) Java Executor Service configurations, see https://docs.hazelcast.com/hazelcast/latest/computing/executor-service (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--executor_services))
- `expose_externally` (Attributes) Configuration to expose Hazelcast cluster to external clients. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--expose_externally))
- `high_availability_mode` (String) Configuration to create clusters resilient to node and zone failures
- `image_pull_policy` (String) Pull policy for the Hazelcast Platform image
- `image_pull_secrets` (Attributes List) Image pull secrets for the Hazelcast Platform image (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--image_pull_secrets))
- `jet` (Attributes) Jet Engine configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--jet))
- `jvm` (Attributes) Hazelcast JVM configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--jvm))
- `labels` (Map of String) Hazelcast Kubernetes resource labels
- `license_key_secret` (String) licenseKeySecret is a deprecated alias for licenseKeySecretName.
- `license_key_secret_name` (String) Name of the secret with Hazelcast Enterprise License Key.
- `local_devices` (Attributes List) Hazelcast LocalDevice configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--local_devices))
- `logging_level` (String) Logging level for Hazelcast members
- `management_center` (Attributes) Hazelcast Management Center Configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--management_center))
- `native_memory` (Attributes) Hazelcast Native Memory (HD Memory) configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--native_memory))
- `persistence` (Attributes) Persistence configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence))
- `properties` (Map of String) Hazelcast system properties, see https://docs.hazelcast.com/hazelcast/latest/system-properties
- `repository` (String) Repository to pull the Hazelcast Platform image from.
- `resources` (Attributes) Compute Resources required by the Hazelcast container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources))
- `scheduled_executor_services` (Attributes List) Scheduled Executor Service configurations, see https://docs.hazelcast.com/hazelcast/latest/computing/scheduled-executor-service (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduled_executor_services))
- `scheduling` (Attributes) Scheduling details (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling))
- `serialization` (Attributes) Hazelcast serialization configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--serialization))
- `service_account_name` (String) ServiceAccountName is the name of the ServiceAccount to use to run Hazelcast cluster. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-service-account/
- `sql` (Attributes) Hazelcast SQL configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--sql))
- `tls` (Attributes) Hazelcast TLS configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tls))
- `user_code_deployment` (Attributes) User Codes to Download into CLASSPATH (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--user_code_deployment))
- `user_code_namespaces` (Attributes) UserCodeNamespaces provide a container for Java classpath resources, such as user code and accompanying artifacts like property files (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--user_code_namespaces))
- `version` (String) Version of Hazelcast Platform.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--advanced_network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.advanced_network`

Optional:

- `client_server_socket_endpoint_config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--advanced_network--client_server_socket_endpoint_config))
- `member_server_socket_endpoint_config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--advanced_network--member_server_socket_endpoint_config))
- `wan` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--advanced_network--wan))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--advanced_network--client_server_socket_endpoint_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.advanced_network.client_server_socket_endpoint_config`

Optional:

- `interfaces` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--advanced_network--member_server_socket_endpoint_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.advanced_network.member_server_socket_endpoint_config`

Optional:

- `interfaces` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--advanced_network--wan"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.advanced_network.wan`

Optional:

- `name` (String)
- `port` (Number)
- `port_count` (Number)
- `service_type` (String) Service Type string describes ingress methods for a service



<a id="nestedatt--spec--agent"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.agent`

Optional:

- `repository` (String) Repository to pull Hazelcast Platform Operator Agent(https://github.com/hazelcast/platform-operator-agent)
- `resources` (Attributes) Compute Resources required by the Agent container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--agent--resources))
- `version` (String) Version of Hazelcast Platform Operator Agent.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--agent--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.agent.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims, that are used by this container.  This is an alpha field and requires enabling the DynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.  This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--agent--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--agent--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.agent.resources.claims`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims of the Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource available inside a container.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--cp_subsystem"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cp_subsystem`

Optional:

- `data_load_timeout_seconds` (Number) DataLoadTimeoutSeconds is the timeout duration in seconds for CP members to restore their persisted data from disk
- `fail_on_indeterminate_operation_state` (Boolean) FailOnIndeterminateOperationState indicated whether CP Subsystem operations use at-least-once and at-most-once execution guarantees.
- `missing_cp_member_auto_removal_seconds` (Number) MissingCpMemberAutoRemovalSeconds is the duration in seconds to wait before automatically removing a missing CP member from the CP Subsystem.
- `pvc` (Attributes) PVC is the configuration of PersistenceVolumeClaim. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cp_subsystem--pvc))
- `session_heartbeat_interval_seconds` (Number) SessionHeartbeatIntervalSeconds Interval in seconds for the periodically committed CP session heartbeats. Must be smaller than SessionTTLSeconds.
- `session_ttl_seconds` (Number) SessionTTLSeconds is the duration for a CP session to be kept alive after the last received heartbeat. Must be greater than or equal to SessionHeartbeatIntervalSeconds and smaller than or equal to MissingCpMemberAutoRemovalSeconds.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cp_subsystem--pvc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cp_subsystem.pvc`

Optional:

- `access_modes` (List of String) AccessModes contains the actual access modes of the volume backing the PVC has. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#access-modes-1
- `request_storage` (String) A description of the PVC request capacity.
- `storage_class_name` (String) Name of StorageClass which this persistent volume belongs to.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--durable_executor_services"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.durable_executor_services`

Optional:

- `capacity` (Number) Capacity of the executor task per partition.
- `durability` (Number) Durability of the executor.
- `name` (String) The name of the executor service
- `pool_size` (Number) The number of executor threads per member.
- `user_code_namespace` (String) Name of the User Code Namespace applied to this instance


<a id="nestedatt--spec--executor_services"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.executor_services`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The name of the executor service
- `pool_size` (Number) The number of executor threads per member.
- `queue_capacity` (Number) Task queue capacity of the executor.
- `user_code_namespace` (String) Name of the User Code Namespace applied to this instance


<a id="nestedatt--spec--expose_externally"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.expose_externally`

Optional:

- `discovery_service_type` (String) Type of the service used to discover Hazelcast cluster.
- `member_access` (String) How each member is accessed from the external client. Only available for 'Smart' client and valid values are: - 'NodePortExternalIP' (default): each member is accessed by the NodePort service and the node external IP/hostname - 'NodePortNodeName': each member is accessed by the NodePort service and the node name - 'LoadBalancer': each member is accessed by the LoadBalancer service external address
- `type` (String) Specifies how members are exposed. Valid values are: - 'Smart' (default): each member pod is exposed with a separate external address - 'Unisocket': all member pods are exposed with one external address


<a id="nestedatt--spec--image_pull_secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.image_pull_secrets`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?


<a id="nestedatt--spec--jet"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.jet`

Optional:

- `bucket_config` (Attributes) Bucket config from where the JAR files will be downloaded. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--jet--bucket_config))
- `config_maps` (List of String) Names of the list of ConfigMaps. Files in each ConfigMap will be downloaded.
- `edge_defaults` (Attributes) Jet Edge Defaults Configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--jet--edge_defaults))
- `enabled` (Boolean) When false, disables Jet Engine.
- `instance` (Attributes) Jet Instance Configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--jet--instance))
- `remote_urls` (List of String) List of URLs from where the files will be downloaded.
- `resource_upload_enabled` (Boolean) When true, enables resource uploading for Jet jobs.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--jet--bucket_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.jet.bucket_config`

Required:

- `bucket_uri` (String) URL of the bucket to download HotBackup folders. AWS S3, GCP Bucket and Azure Blob storage buckets are supported. Example bucket URIs: - AWS S3     -> s3://bucket-name/path/to/folder - GCP Bucket -> gs://bucket-name/path/to/folder - Azure Blob -> azblob://bucket-name/path/to/folder

Optional:

- `secret` (String) secret is a deprecated alias for secretName.
- `secret_name` (String) Name of the secret with credentials for cloud providers.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--jet--edge_defaults"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.jet.edge_defaults`

Optional:

- `packet_size_limit` (Number) Limits the size of the packet in bytes.
- `queue_size` (Number) Sets the capacity of processor-to-processor concurrent queues.
- `receive_window_multiplier` (Number) Sets the scaling factor used by the adaptive receive window sizing function.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--jet--instance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.jet.instance`

Optional:

- `backup_count` (Number) The number of synchronous backups to configure on the IMap that Jet needs internally to store job metadata and snapshots.
- `cooperative_thread_count` (Number) The number of threads Jet creates in its cooperative multithreading pool. Its default value is the number of cores
- `flow_control_period_millis` (Number) The duration of the interval between flow-control packets.
- `lossless_restart_enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether the Lossless Cluster Restart feature is enabled.
- `max_processor_accumulated_records` (Number) Specifies the maximum number of records that can be accumulated by any single processor instance. Default value is Long.MAX_VALUE
- `scale_up_delay_millis` (Number) The delay after which the auto-scaled jobs restart if a new member joins the cluster.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--jvm"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.jvm`

Optional:

- `args` (List of String) Args is for arbitrary JVM arguments
- `gc` (Attributes) GC is for configuring JVM Garbage Collector (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--jvm--gc))
- `memory` (Attributes) Memory is a JVM memory configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--jvm--memory))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--jvm--gc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.jvm.gc`

Optional:

- `collector` (String) Collector is the Garbage Collector type
- `logging` (Boolean) Logging enables logging when set to true


<a id="nestedatt--spec--jvm--memory"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.jvm.memory`

Optional:

- `initial_ram_percentage` (String) InitialRAMPercentage configures JVM initial heap size
- `max_ram_percentage` (String) MaxRAMPercentage sets the maximum heap size for a JVM
- `min_ram_percentage` (String) MinRAMPercentage sets the minimum heap size for a JVM



<a id="nestedatt--spec--local_devices"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.local_devices`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name represents the name of the local device

Optional:

- `block_size` (Number) BlockSize defines Device block/sector size in bytes.
- `pvc` (Attributes) Configuration of PersistenceVolumeClaim. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--local_devices--pvc))
- `read_io_thread_count` (Number) ReadIOThreadCount is Read IO thread count.
- `write_io_thread_count` (Number) WriteIOThreadCount is Write IO thread count.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--local_devices--pvc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.local_devices.pvc`

Optional:

- `access_modes` (List of String) AccessModes contains the actual access modes of the volume backing the PVC has. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#access-modes-1
- `request_storage` (String) A description of the PVC request capacity.
- `storage_class_name` (String) Name of StorageClass which this persistent volume belongs to.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--management_center"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.management_center`

Optional:

- `console_enabled` (Boolean) Allows you to execute commands from a built-in console in the user interface.
- `data_access_enabled` (Boolean) Allows you to access contents of Hazelcast data structures via SQL Browser or Map Browser.
- `scripting_enabled` (Boolean) Allows you to execute scripts that can automate interactions with the cluster.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--native_memory"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.native_memory`

Optional:

- `allocator_type` (String) AllocatorType specifies one of 2 types of mechanism for allocating memory to HD
- `metadata_space_percentage` (Number) MetadataSpacePercentage defines percentage of the allocated native memory that is used for the metadata of other map components such as index (for predicates), offset, etc.
- `min_block_size` (Number) MinBlockSize is the size of smallest block that will be allocated. It is used only by the POOLED memory allocator.
- `page_size` (Number) PageSize is the size of the page in bytes to allocate memory as a block. It is used only by the POOLED memory allocator.
- `size` (String) Size of the total native memory to allocate


<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence`

Optional:

- `base_dir` (String) BaseDir is deprecated. Use restore.localConfig to restore from a local backup.
- `cluster_data_recovery_policy` (String) Configuration of the cluster recovery strategy.
- `data_recovery_timeout` (Number) DataRecoveryTimeout is timeout for each step of data recovery in seconds. Maximum timeout is equal to DataRecoveryTimeout*2 (for each step: validation and data-load).
- `pvc` (Attributes) Configuration of PersistenceVolumeClaim. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--pvc))
- `restore` (Attributes) Restore configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--restore))
- `startup_action` (String) StartupAction represents the action triggered when the cluster starts to force the cluster startup.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--pvc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.pvc`

Optional:

- `access_modes` (List of String) AccessModes contains the actual access modes of the volume backing the PVC has. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#access-modes-1
- `request_storage` (String) A description of the PVC request capacity.
- `storage_class_name` (String) Name of StorageClass which this persistent volume belongs to.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--restore"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.restore`

Optional:

- `bucket_config` (Attributes) Bucket Configuration from which the backup will be downloaded. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--restore--bucket_config))
- `hot_backup_resource_name` (String) Name of the HotBackup resource from which backup will be fetched.
- `local_config` (Attributes) Configuration to restore from local backup (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--restore--local_config))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--restore--bucket_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.restore.bucket_config`

Required:

- `bucket_uri` (String) URL of the bucket to download HotBackup folders. AWS S3, GCP Bucket and Azure Blob storage buckets are supported. Example bucket URIs: - AWS S3     -> s3://bucket-name/path/to/folder - GCP Bucket -> gs://bucket-name/path/to/folder - Azure Blob -> azblob://bucket-name/path/to/folder

Optional:

- `secret` (String) secret is a deprecated alias for secretName.
- `secret_name` (String) Name of the secret with credentials for cloud providers.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--restore--local_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.restore.local_config`

Optional:

- `backup_dir` (String) Local backup base directory
- `backup_folder` (String) Backup directory
- `base_dir` (String) Persistence base directory
- `pvc_name_prefix` (String) PVC name prefix used in existing PVCs




<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims, that are used by this container.  This is an alpha field and requires enabling the DynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.  This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources.claims`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims of the Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource available inside a container.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduled_executor_services"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduled_executor_services`

Optional:

- `capacity` (Number) Capacity of the executor task per partition.
- `capacity_policy` (String) The active policy for the capacity setting.
- `durability` (Number) Durability of the executor.
- `name` (String) The name of the executor service
- `pool_size` (Number) The number of executor threads per member.
- `user_code_namespace` (String) Name of the User Code Namespace applied to this instance


<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling`

Optional:

- `affinity` (Attributes) Affinity (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity))
- `node_selector` (Map of String) NodeSelector
- `tolerations` (Attributes List) Tolerations (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--tolerations))
- `topology_spread_constraints` (Attributes List) TopologySpreadConstraints (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--topology_spread_constraints))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity`

Optional:

- `node_affinity` (Attributes) Describes node affinity scheduling rules for the pod. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--node_affinity))
- `pod_affinity` (Attributes) Describes pod affinity scheduling rules (e.g. co-locate this pod in the same node, zone, etc. as some other pod(s)). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_affinity))
- `pod_anti_affinity` (Attributes) Describes pod anti-affinity scheduling rules (e.g. avoid putting this pod in the same node, zone, etc. as some other pod(s)). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--node_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.node_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) The scheduler will prefer to schedule pods to nodes that satisfy the affinity expressions specified by this field, but it may choose a node that violates one or more of the expressions. The node that is most preferred is the one with the greatest sum of weights, i.e. for each node that meets all of the scheduling requirements (resource request, requiredDuringScheduling affinity expressions, etc.), compute a sum by iterating through the elements of this field and adding 'weight' to the sum if the node matches the corresponding matchExpressions; the node(s) with the highest sum are the most preferred. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes) If the affinity requirements specified by this field are not met at scheduling time, the pod will not be scheduled onto the node. If the affinity requirements specified by this field cease to be met at some point during pod execution (e.g. due to an update), the system may or may not try to eventually evict the pod from its node. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `preference` (Attributes) A node selector term, associated with the corresponding weight. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference))
- `weight` (Number) Weight associated with matching the corresponding nodeSelectorTerm, in the range 1-100.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.preference`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's labels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--match_expressions))
- `match_fields` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--match_fields))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `node_selector_terms` (Attributes List) Required. A list of node selector terms. The terms are ORed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's labels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_expressions))
- `match_fields` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_fields))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) The scheduler will prefer to schedule pods to nodes that satisfy the affinity expressions specified by this field, but it may choose a node that violates one or more of the expressions. The node that is most preferred is the one with the greatest sum of weights, i.e. for each node that meets all of the scheduling requirements (resource request, requiredDuringScheduling affinity expressions, etc.), compute a sum by iterating through the elements of this field and adding 'weight' to the sum if the node has pods which matches the corresponding podAffinityTerm; the node(s) with the highest sum are the most preferred. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) If the affinity requirements specified by this field are not met at scheduling time, the pod will not be scheduled onto the node. If the affinity requirements specified by this field cease to be met at some point during pod execution (e.g. due to a pod label update), the system may or may not try to eventually evict the pod from its node. When there are multiple elements, the lists of nodes corresponding to each podAffinityTerm are intersected, i.e. all terms must be satisfied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `pod_affinity_term` (Attributes) Required. A pod affinity term, associated with the corresponding weight. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term))
- `weight` (Number) weight associated with matching the corresponding podAffinityTerm, in the range 1-100.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matching the labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a node whose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of the selected pods is running. Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--label_selector))
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) A label query over the set of namespaces that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces selected by this field and the ones listed in the namespaces field. null selector and null or empty namespaces list means 'this pod's namespace'. An empty selector ({}) matches all namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies a static list of namespace names that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces listed in this field and the ones selected by namespaceSelector. null or empty namespaces list and null namespaceSelector means 'this pod's namespace'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespaces--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespaces--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.namespaces.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespaces--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespaces--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.namespaces.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matching the labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a node whose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of the selected pods is running. Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector))
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) A label query over the set of namespaces that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces selected by this field and the ones listed in the namespaces field. null selector and null or empty namespaces list means 'this pod's namespace'. An empty selector ({}) matches all namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies a static list of namespace names that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces listed in this field and the ones selected by namespaceSelector. null or empty namespaces list and null namespaceSelector means 'this pod's namespace'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespaces--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespaces--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespaces.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespaces--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespaces--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespaces.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) The scheduler will prefer to schedule pods to nodes that satisfy the anti-affinity expressions specified by this field, but it may choose a node that violates one or more of the expressions. The node that is most preferred is the one with the greatest sum of weights, i.e. for each node that meets all of the scheduling requirements (resource request, requiredDuringScheduling anti-affinity expressions, etc.), compute a sum by iterating through the elements of this field and adding 'weight' to the sum if the node has pods which matches the corresponding podAffinityTerm; the node(s) with the highest sum are the most preferred. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) If the anti-affinity requirements specified by this field are not met at scheduling time, the pod will not be scheduled onto the node. If the anti-affinity requirements specified by this field cease to be met at some point during pod execution (e.g. due to a pod label update), the system may or may not try to eventually evict the pod from its node. When there are multiple elements, the lists of nodes corresponding to each podAffinityTerm are intersected, i.e. all terms must be satisfied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `pod_affinity_term` (Attributes) Required. A pod affinity term, associated with the corresponding weight. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term))
- `weight` (Number) weight associated with matching the corresponding podAffinityTerm, in the range 1-100.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matching the labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a node whose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of the selected pods is running. Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--label_selector))
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) A label query over the set of namespaces that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces selected by this field and the ones listed in the namespaces field. null selector and null or empty namespaces list means 'this pod's namespace'. An empty selector ({}) matches all namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies a static list of namespace names that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces listed in this field and the ones selected by namespaceSelector. null or empty namespaces list and null namespaceSelector means 'this pod's namespace'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespaces--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespaces--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.namespaces.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespaces--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespaces--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.namespaces.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matching the labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a node whose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of the selected pods is running. Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector))
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) A label query over the set of namespaces that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces selected by this field and the ones listed in the namespaces field. null selector and null or empty namespaces list means 'this pod's namespace'. An empty selector ({}) matches all namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies a static list of namespace names that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces listed in this field and the ones selected by namespaceSelector. null or empty namespaces list and null namespaceSelector means 'this pod's namespace'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespaces--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespaces--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespaces.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespaces--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespaces--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespaces.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.






<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--tolerations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.tolerations`

Optional:

- `effect` (String) Effect indicates the taint effect to match. Empty means match all taint effects. When specified, allowed values are NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Key is the taint key that the toleration applies to. Empty means match all taint keys. If the key is empty, operator must be Exists; this combination means to match all values and all keys.
- `operator` (String) Operator represents a key's relationship to the value. Valid operators are Exists and Equal. Defaults to Equal. Exists is equivalent to wildcard for value, so that a pod can tolerate all taints of a particular category.
- `toleration_seconds` (Number) TolerationSeconds represents the period of time the toleration (which must be of effect NoExecute, otherwise this field is ignored) tolerates the taint. By default, it is not set, which means tolerate the taint forever (do not evict). Zero and negative values will be treated as 0 (evict immediately) by the system.
- `value` (String) Value is the taint value the toleration matches to. If the operator is Exists, the value should be empty, otherwise just a regular string.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--topology_spread_constraints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.topology_spread_constraints`

Required:

- `max_skew` (Number) MaxSkew describes the degree to which pods may be unevenly distributed. When 'whenUnsatisfiable=DoNotSchedule', it is the maximum permitted difference between the number of matching pods in the target topology and the global minimum. The global minimum is the minimum number of matching pods in an eligible domain or zero if the number of eligible domains is less than MinDomains. For example, in a 3-zone cluster, MaxSkew is set to 1, and pods with the same labelSelector spread as 2/2/1: In this case, the global minimum is 1. | zone1 | zone2 | zone3 | |  P P  |  P P  |   P   | - if MaxSkew is 1, incoming pod can only be scheduled to zone3 to become 2/2/2; scheduling it onto zone1(zone2) would make the ActualSkew(3-1) on zone1(zone2) violate MaxSkew(1). - if MaxSkew is 2, incoming pod can be scheduled onto any zone. When 'whenUnsatisfiable=ScheduleAnyway', it is used to give higher precedence to topologies that satisfy it. It's a required field. Default value is 1 and 0 is not allowed.
- `topology_key` (String) TopologyKey is the key of node labels. Nodes that have a label with this key and identical values are considered to be in the same topology. We consider each <key, value> as a 'bucket', and try to put balanced number of pods into each bucket. We define a domain as a particular instance of a topology. Also, we define an eligible domain as a domain whose nodes meet the requirements of nodeAffinityPolicy and nodeTaintsPolicy. e.g. If TopologyKey is 'kubernetes.io/hostname', each Node is a domain of that topology. And, if TopologyKey is 'topology.kubernetes.io/zone', each zone is a domain of that topology. It's a required field.
- `when_unsatisfiable` (String) WhenUnsatisfiable indicates how to deal with a pod if it doesn't satisfy the spread constraint. - DoNotSchedule (default) tells the scheduler not to schedule it. - ScheduleAnyway tells the scheduler to schedule the pod in any location, but giving higher precedence to topologies that would help reduce the skew. A constraint is considered 'Unsatisfiable' for an incoming pod if and only if every possible node assignment for that pod would violate 'MaxSkew' on some topology. For example, in a 3-zone cluster, MaxSkew is set to 1, and pods with the same labelSelector spread as 3/1/1: | zone1 | zone2 | zone3 | | P P P |   P   |   P   | If WhenUnsatisfiable is set to DoNotSchedule, incoming pod can only be scheduled to zone2(zone3) to become 3/2/1(3/1/2) as ActualSkew(2-1) on zone2(zone3) satisfies MaxSkew(1). In other words, the cluster can still be imbalanced, but scheduler won't make it *more* imbalanced. It's a required field.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) LabelSelector is used to find matching pods. Pods that match this label selector are counted to determine the number of pods in their corresponding topology domain. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--topology_spread_constraints--label_selector))
- `match_label_keys` (List of String) MatchLabelKeys is a set of pod label keys to select the pods over which spreading will be calculated. The keys are used to lookup values from the incoming pod labels, those key-value labels are ANDed with labelSelector to select the group of existing pods over which spreading will be calculated for the incoming pod. The same key is forbidden to exist in both MatchLabelKeys and LabelSelector. MatchLabelKeys cannot be set when LabelSelector isn't set. Keys that don't exist in the incoming pod labels will be ignored. A null or empty list means only match against labelSelector.  This is a beta field and requires the MatchLabelKeysInPodTopologySpread feature gate to be enabled (enabled by default).
- `min_domains` (Number) MinDomains indicates a minimum number of eligible domains. When the number of eligible domains with matching topology keys is less than minDomains, Pod Topology Spread treats 'global minimum' as 0, and then the calculation of Skew is performed. And when the number of eligible domains with matching topology keys equals or greater than minDomains, this value has no effect on scheduling. As a result, when the number of eligible domains is less than minDomains, scheduler won't schedule more than maxSkew Pods to those domains. If value is nil, the constraint behaves as if MinDomains is equal to 1. Valid values are integers greater than 0. When value is not nil, WhenUnsatisfiable must be DoNotSchedule.  For example, in a 3-zone cluster, MaxSkew is set to 2, MinDomains is set to 5 and pods with the same labelSelector spread as 2/2/2: | zone1 | zone2 | zone3 | |  P P  |  P P  |  P P  | The number of domains is less than 5(MinDomains), so 'global minimum' is treated as 0. In this situation, new pod with the same labelSelector cannot be scheduled, because computed skew will be 3(3 - 0) if new Pod is scheduled to any of the three zones, it will violate MaxSkew.  This is a beta field and requires the MinDomainsInPodTopologySpread feature gate to be enabled (enabled by default).
- `node_affinity_policy` (String) NodeAffinityPolicy indicates how we will treat Pod's nodeAffinity/nodeSelector when calculating pod topology spread skew. Options are: - Honor: only nodes matching nodeAffinity/nodeSelector are included in the calculations. - Ignore: nodeAffinity/nodeSelector are ignored. All nodes are included in the calculations.  If this value is nil, the behavior is equivalent to the Honor policy. This is a beta-level feature default enabled by the NodeInclusionPolicyInPodTopologySpread feature flag.
- `node_taints_policy` (String) NodeTaintsPolicy indicates how we will treat node taints when calculating pod topology spread skew. Options are: - Honor: nodes without taints, along with tainted nodes for which the incoming pod has a toleration, are included. - Ignore: node taints are ignored. All nodes are included.  If this value is nil, the behavior is equivalent to the Ignore policy. This is a beta-level feature default enabled by the NodeInclusionPolicyInPodTopologySpread feature flag.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--topology_spread_constraints--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.topology_spread_constraints.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--topology_spread_constraints--node_taints_policy--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--topology_spread_constraints--node_taints_policy--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.topology_spread_constraints.node_taints_policy.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--serialization"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.serialization`

Optional:

- `allow_unsafe` (Boolean) Allow the usage of unsafe.
- `byte_order` (String) Specifies the byte order that the serialization will use.
- `compact_serialization` (Attributes) Configuration attributes the compact serialization. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--serialization--compact_serialization))
- `data_serializable_factories` (List of String) Lists class implementations of Hazelcast's DataSerializableFactory.
- `enable_compression` (Boolean) Enables compression when default Java serialization is used.
- `enable_shared_object` (Boolean) Enables shared object when default Java serialization is used.
- `global_serializer` (Attributes) List of global serializers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--serialization--global_serializer))
- `java_serialization_filter` (Attributes) Blacklist and whitelist for deserialized classes when Java serialization is used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--serialization--java_serialization_filter))
- `override_default_serializers` (Boolean) Allows override of built-in default serializers.
- `portable_factories` (List of String) Lists class implementations of Hazelcast's PortableFactory.
- `serializers` (Attributes List) List of serializers (classes) that implemented using Hazelcast's StreamSerializer, ByteArraySerializer etc. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--serialization--serializers))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--serialization--compact_serialization"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.serialization.compact_serialization`

Optional:

- `classes` (List of String) Classes is the list of class names for which a zero-config serializer will be registered, without implementing an explicit serializer.
- `serializers` (List of String) Serializers is the list of explicit serializers to be registered.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--serialization--global_serializer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.serialization.global_serializer`

Required:

- `class_name` (String) Class name of the GlobalSerializer.

Optional:

- `override_java_serialization` (Boolean) If set to true, will replace the internal Java serialization.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--serialization--java_serialization_filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.serialization.java_serialization_filter`

Optional:

- `blacklist` (Attributes) Java deserialization protection Blacklist. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--serialization--java_serialization_filter--blacklist))
- `whitelist` (Attributes) Java deserialization protection Whitelist. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--serialization--java_serialization_filter--whitelist))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--serialization--java_serialization_filter--blacklist"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.serialization.java_serialization_filter.blacklist`

Optional:

- `classes` (List of String) List of class names to be filtered.
- `packages` (List of String) List of packages to be filtered
- `prefixes` (List of String) List of prefixes to be filtered.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--serialization--java_serialization_filter--whitelist"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.serialization.java_serialization_filter.whitelist`

Optional:

- `classes` (List of String) List of class names to be filtered.
- `packages` (List of String) List of packages to be filtered
- `prefixes` (List of String) List of prefixes to be filtered.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--serialization--serializers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.serialization.serializers`

Required:

- `class_name` (String) Class name of the implementation of the serializer class.
- `type_class` (String) Name of the class that will be serialized via this implementation.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--sql"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.sql`

Optional:

- `catalog_persistence_enabled` (Boolean) CatalogPersistenceEnabled sets whether SQL Catalog persistence is enabled for the node. With SQL Catalog persistence enabled you can restart the whole cluster without losing schema definition objects (such as MAPPINGs, TYPEs, VIEWs and DATA CONNECTIONs). The feature is implemented on top of the Hot Restart feature of Hazelcast which persists the data to disk. If enabled, you have to also configure Hot Restart. Feature is disabled by default.
- `statement_timeout` (Number) StatementTimeout defines the timeout in milliseconds that is applied to queries without an explicit timeout.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tls`

Required:

- `secret_name` (String) Name of the secret with TLS certificate and key.

Optional:

- `mutual_authentication` (String) Mutual authentication configuration. Its None by default which means the client side of connection is not authenticated.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--user_code_deployment"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.user_code_deployment`

Optional:

- `bucket_config` (Attributes) Bucket config from where the JAR files will be downloaded. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--user_code_deployment--bucket_config))
- `client_enabled` (Boolean) When true, allows user code deployment from clients.
- `config_maps` (List of String) Names of the list of ConfigMaps. Files in each ConfigMap will be downloaded.
- `remote_urls` (List of String) List of URLs from where the files will be downloaded.
- `trigger_sequence` (String) A string for triggering a rolling restart for re-downloading the user code.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--user_code_deployment--bucket_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.user_code_deployment.bucket_config`

Required:

- `bucket_uri` (String) URL of the bucket to download HotBackup folders. AWS S3, GCP Bucket and Azure Blob storage buckets are supported. Example bucket URIs: - AWS S3     -> s3://bucket-name/path/to/folder - GCP Bucket -> gs://bucket-name/path/to/folder - Azure Blob -> azblob://bucket-name/path/to/folder

Optional:

- `secret` (String) secret is a deprecated alias for secretName.
- `secret_name` (String) Name of the secret with credentials for cloud providers.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--user_code_namespaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.user_code_namespaces`

Optional:

- `class_filter` (Attributes) Blacklist and whitelist for classes when User Code Namespaces is used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--user_code_namespaces--class_filter))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--user_code_namespaces--class_filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.user_code_namespaces.class_filter`

Optional:

- `blacklist` (Attributes) Java deserialization protection Blacklist. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--user_code_namespaces--class_filter--blacklist))
- `whitelist` (Attributes) Java deserialization protection Whitelist. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--user_code_namespaces--class_filter--whitelist))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--user_code_namespaces--class_filter--blacklist"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.user_code_namespaces.class_filter.blacklist`

Optional:

- `classes` (List of String) List of class names to be filtered.
- `packages` (List of String) List of packages to be filtered
- `prefixes` (List of String) List of prefixes to be filtered.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--user_code_namespaces--class_filter--whitelist"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.user_code_namespaces.class_filter.whitelist`

Optional:

- `classes` (List of String) List of class names to be filtered.
- `packages` (List of String) List of packages to be filtered
- `prefixes` (List of String) List of prefixes to be filtered.
