---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_helm_openshift_io_helm_chart_repository_v1beta1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "helm.openshift.io"
description: |-
  HelmChartRepository holds cluster-wide configuration for proxied Helm chart repository  Compatibility level 2: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 9 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).
---

# k8s_helm_openshift_io_helm_chart_repository_v1beta1_manifest (Data Source)

HelmChartRepository holds cluster-wide configuration for proxied Helm chart repository  Compatibility level 2: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 9 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_helm_openshift_io_helm_chart_repository_v1beta1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) spec holds user settable values for configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `connection_config` (Attributes) Required configuration for connecting to the chart repo (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--connection_config))
- `description` (String) Optional human readable repository description, it can be used by UI for displaying purposes
- `disabled` (Boolean) If set to true, disable the repo usage in the cluster/namespace
- `name` (String) Optional associated human readable repository name, it can be used by UI for displaying purposes

<a id="nestedatt--spec--connection_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.connection_config`

Optional:

- `ca` (Attributes) ca is an optional reference to a config map by name containing the PEM-encoded CA bundle. It is used as a trust anchor to validate the TLS certificate presented by the remote server. The key 'ca-bundle.crt' is used to locate the data. If empty, the default system roots are used. The namespace for this config map is openshift-config. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--connection_config--ca))
- `tls_client_config` (Attributes) tlsClientConfig is an optional reference to a secret by name that contains the PEM-encoded TLS client certificate and private key to present when connecting to the server. The key 'tls.crt' is used to locate the client certificate. The key 'tls.key' is used to locate the private key. The namespace for this secret is openshift-config. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--connection_config--tls_client_config))
- `url` (String) Chart repository URL

<a id="nestedatt--spec--connection_config--ca"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.connection_config.ca`

Required:

- `name` (String) name is the metadata.name of the referenced config map


<a id="nestedatt--spec--connection_config--tls_client_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.connection_config.tls_client_config`

Required:

- `name` (String) name is the metadata.name of the referenced secret
