---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_hive_openshift_io_machine_pool_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "hive.openshift.io"
description: |-
  MachinePool is the Schema for the machinepools API
---

# k8s_hive_openshift_io_machine_pool_v1_manifest (Data Source)

MachinePool is the Schema for the machinepools API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_hive_openshift_io_machine_pool_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) MachinePoolSpec defines the desired state of MachinePool (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `cluster_deployment_ref` (Attributes) ClusterDeploymentRef references the cluster deployment to which this machine pool belongs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_deployment_ref))
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the machine pool.
- `platform` (Attributes) Platform is configuration for machine pool specific to the platform. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform))

Optional:

- `autoscaling` (Attributes) Autoscaling is the details for auto-scaling the machine pool. Replicas and autoscaling cannot be used together. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--autoscaling))
- `labels` (Map of String) Map of label string keys and values that will be applied to the created MachineSet's MachineSpec. This list will overwrite any modifications made to Node labels on an ongoing basis.
- `replicas` (Number) Replicas is the count of machines for this machine pool. Replicas and autoscaling cannot be used together. Default is 1, if autoscaling is not used.
- `taints` (Attributes List) List of taints that will be applied to the created MachineSet's MachineSpec. This list will overwrite any modifications made to Node taints on an ongoing basis. In case of duplicate entries, first encountered taint Value will be preserved, and the rest collapsed on the corresponding MachineSets. Note that taints are uniquely identified based on key+effect, not just key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--taints))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_deployment_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_deployment_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. This field is effectively required, but due to backwards compatibility is allowed to be empty. Instances of this type with an empty value here are almost certainly wrong. TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid? More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Drop 'kubebuilder:default' when controller-gen doesn't need it https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder/issues/3896.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform`

Optional:

- `aws` (Attributes) AWS is the configuration used when installing on AWS. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--aws))
- `azure` (Attributes) Azure is the configuration used when installing on Azure. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--azure))
- `gcp` (Attributes) GCP is the configuration used when installing on GCP. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--gcp))
- `ibmcloud` (Attributes) IBMCloud is the configuration used when installing on IBM Cloud. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--ibmcloud))
- `openstack` (Attributes) OpenStack is the configuration used when installing on OpenStack. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--openstack))
- `ovirt` (Attributes) Ovirt is the configuration used when installing on oVirt. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--ovirt))
- `vsphere` (Attributes) VSphere is the configuration used when installing on vSphere (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--vsphere))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--aws"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.aws`

Required:

- `root_volume` (Attributes) EC2RootVolume defines the storage for ec2 instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--aws--root_volume))
- `type` (String) InstanceType defines the ec2 instance type. eg. m4-large

Optional:

- `additional_security_group_i_ds` (List of String) AdditionalSecurityGroupIDs contains IDs of additional security groups for machines, where each ID is presented in the format sg-xxxx.
- `metadata_service` (Attributes) EC2MetadataOptions defines metadata service interaction options for EC2 instances in the machine pool. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--aws--metadata_service))
- `spot_market_options` (Attributes) SpotMarketOptions allows users to configure instances to be run using AWS Spot instances. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--aws--spot_market_options))
- `subnets` (List of String) Subnets is the list of IDs of subnets to which to attach the machines. There must be exactly one subnet for each availability zone used. These subnets may be public or private. As a special case, for consistency with install-config, you may specify exactly one private and one public subnet for each availability zone. In this case, the public subnets will be filtered out and only the private subnets will be used. If empty/omitted, we will look for subnets in each availability zone tagged with Name=<clusterID>-private-<az> (legacy terraform) or <clusterID>-subnet-private-<az> (CAPA).
- `user_tags` (Map of String) UserTags contains the user defined tags to be supplied for the ec2 instance. Note that these will be merged with ClusterDeployment.Spec.Platform.AWS.UserTags, with this field taking precedence when keys collide.
- `zones` (List of String) Zones is list of availability zones that can be used.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--aws--root_volume"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.aws.root_volume`

Required:

- `size` (Number) Size defines the size of the storage.
- `type` (String) Type defines the type of the storage.

Optional:

- `iops` (Number) IOPS defines the iops for the storage.
- `kms_key_arn` (String) The KMS key that will be used to encrypt the EBS volume. If no key is provided the default KMS key for the account will be used. https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/APIReference/API_GetEbsDefaultKmsKeyId.html


<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--aws--metadata_service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.aws.metadata_service`

Optional:

- `authentication` (String) Authentication determines whether or not the host requires the use of authentication when interacting with the metadata service. When using authentication, this enforces v2 interaction method (IMDSv2) with the metadata service. When omitted, this means the user has no opinion and the value is left to the platform to choose a good default, which is subject to change over time. The current default is optional. At this point this field represents 'HttpTokens' parameter from 'InstanceMetadataOptionsRequest' structure in AWS EC2 API https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/APIReference/API_InstanceMetadataOptionsRequest.html


<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--aws--spot_market_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.aws.spot_market_options`

Optional:

- `max_price` (String) The maximum price the user is willing to pay for their instances Default: On-Demand price



<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--azure"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.azure`

Required:

- `os_disk` (Attributes) OSDisk defines the storage for instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--azure--os_disk))
- `type` (String) InstanceType defines the azure instance type. eg. Standard_DS_V2

Optional:

- `os_image` (Attributes) OSImage defines the image to use for the OS. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--azure--os_image))
- `zones` (List of String) Zones is list of availability zones that can be used. eg. ['1', '2', '3']

<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--azure--os_disk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.azure.os_disk`

Required:

- `disk_size_gb` (Number) DiskSizeGB defines the size of disk in GB.

Optional:

- `disk_encryption_set` (Attributes) DiskEncryptionSet defines a disk encryption set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--azure--os_disk--disk_encryption_set))
- `disk_type` (String) DiskType defines the type of disk. For control plane nodes, the valid values are Premium_LRS and StandardSSD_LRS. Default is Premium_LRS.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--azure--os_disk--disk_encryption_set"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.azure.os_disk.disk_encryption_set`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the disk encryption set.
- `resource_group` (String) ResourceGroup defines the Azure resource group used by the disk encryption set.

Optional:

- `subscription_id` (String) SubscriptionID defines the Azure subscription the disk encryption set is in.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--azure--os_image"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.azure.os_image`

Required:

- `offer` (String) Offer is the offer of the image.
- `publisher` (String) Publisher is the publisher of the image.
- `sku` (String) SKU is the SKU of the image.
- `version` (String) Version is the version of the image.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--gcp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.gcp`

Required:

- `type` (String) InstanceType defines the GCP instance type. eg. n1-standard-4

Optional:

- `network_project_id` (String) NetworkProjectID specifies which project the network and subnets exist in when they are not in the main ProjectID.
- `on_host_maintenance` (String) OnHostMaintenance determines the behavior when a maintenance event occurs that might cause the instance to reboot. This is required to be set to 'Terminate' if you want to provision machine with attached GPUs. Otherwise, allowed values are 'Migrate' and 'Terminate'. If omitted, the platform chooses a default, which is subject to change over time, currently that default is 'Migrate'.
- `os_disk` (Attributes) OSDisk defines the storage for instances. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--gcp--os_disk))
- `secure_boot` (String) SecureBoot Defines whether the instance should have secure boot enabled. Verifies the digital signature of all boot components, and halts the boot process if signature verification fails. If omitted, the platform chooses a default, which is subject to change over time. Currently that default is 'Disabled'.
- `zones` (List of String) Zones is list of availability zones that can be used.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--gcp--os_disk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.gcp.os_disk`

Optional:

- `disk_size_gb` (Number) DiskSizeGB defines the size of disk in GB. Defaulted internally to 128.
- `disk_type` (String) DiskType defines the type of disk. The valid values are pd-standard and pd-ssd. Defaulted internally to pd-ssd.
- `encryption_key` (Attributes) EncryptionKey defines the KMS key to be used to encrypt the disk. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--gcp--os_disk--encryption_key))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--gcp--os_disk--encryption_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.gcp.os_disk.encryption_key`

Optional:

- `kms_key` (Attributes) KMSKey is a reference to a KMS Key to use for the encryption. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--gcp--os_disk--encryption_key--kms_key))
- `kms_key_service_account` (String) KMSKeyServiceAccount is the service account being used for the encryption request for the given KMS key. If absent, the Compute Engine default service account is used. See https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/access/service-accounts#compute_engine_service_account for details on the default service account.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--gcp--os_disk--encryption_key--kms_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.gcp.os_disk.encryption_key.kms_key`

Required:

- `key_ring` (String) KeyRing is the name of the KMS Key Ring which the KMS Key belongs to.
- `location` (String) Location is the GCP location in which the Key Ring exists.
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the customer managed encryption key to be used for the disk encryption.

Optional:

- `project_id` (String) ProjectID is the ID of the Project in which the KMS Key Ring exists. Defaults to the VM ProjectID if not set.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--ibmcloud"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.ibmcloud`

Optional:

- `boot_volume` (Attributes) BootVolume is the configuration for the machine's boot volume. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--ibmcloud--boot_volume))
- `dedicated_hosts` (Attributes List) DedicatedHosts is the configuration for the machine's dedicated host and profile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--ibmcloud--dedicated_hosts))
- `type` (String) InstanceType is the VSI machine profile.
- `zones` (List of String) Zones is the list of availability zones used for machines in the pool.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--ibmcloud--boot_volume"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.ibmcloud.boot_volume`

Optional:

- `encryption_key` (String) EncryptionKey is the CRN referencing a Key Protect or Hyper Protect Crypto Services key to use for volume encryption. If not specified, a provider managed encryption key will be used.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--ibmcloud--dedicated_hosts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.ibmcloud.dedicated_hosts`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the dedicated host to provision the machine on. If specified, machines will be created on pre-existing dedicated host.
- `profile` (String) Profile is the profile ID for the dedicated host. If specified, new dedicated host will be created for machines.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--openstack"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.openstack`

Required:

- `flavor` (String) Flavor defines the OpenStack Nova flavor. eg. m1.large The json key here differs from the installer which uses both 'computeFlavor' and type 'type' depending on which type you're looking at, and the resulting field on the MachineSet is 'flavor'. We are opting to stay consistent with the end result.

Optional:

- `root_volume` (Attributes) RootVolume defines the root volume for instances in the machine pool. The instances use ephemeral disks if not set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--openstack--root_volume))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--openstack--root_volume"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.openstack.root_volume`

Required:

- `size` (Number) Size defines the size of the volume in gibibytes (GiB). Required
- `type` (String) Type defines the type of the volume. Required



<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--ovirt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.ovirt`

Optional:

- `cpu` (Attributes) CPU defines the VM CPU. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--ovirt--cpu))
- `memory_mb` (Number) MemoryMB is the size of a VM's memory in MiBs.
- `os_disk` (Attributes) OSDisk is the the root disk of the node. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--ovirt--os_disk))
- `vm_type` (String) VMType defines the workload type of the VM.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--ovirt--cpu"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.ovirt.cpu`

Required:

- `cores` (Number) Cores is the number of cores per socket. Total CPUs is (Sockets * Cores)
- `sockets` (Number) Sockets is the number of sockets for a VM. Total CPUs is (Sockets * Cores)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--ovirt--os_disk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.ovirt.os_disk`

Required:

- `size_gb` (Number) SizeGB size of the bootable disk in GiB.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--vsphere"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.vsphere`

Required:

- `cores_per_socket` (Number) NumCoresPerSocket is the number of cores per socket in a vm. The number of vCPUs on the vm will be NumCPUs/NumCoresPerSocket.
- `cpus` (Number) NumCPUs is the total number of virtual processor cores to assign a vm.
- `memory_mb` (Number) Memory is the size of a VM's memory in MB.
- `os_disk` (Attributes) OSDisk defines the storage for instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--vsphere--os_disk))

Optional:

- `resource_pool` (String) ResourcePool is the name of the resource pool that will be used for virtual machines. If it is not present, a default value will be used.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--vsphere--os_disk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.vsphere.os_disk`

Required:

- `disk_size_gb` (Number) DiskSizeGB defines the size of disk in GB.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--autoscaling"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.autoscaling`

Required:

- `max_replicas` (Number) MaxReplicas is the maximum number of replicas for the machine pool.
- `min_replicas` (Number) MinReplicas is the minimum number of replicas for the machine pool.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--taints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.taints`

Required:

- `effect` (String) Required. The effect of the taint on pods that do not tolerate the taint. Valid effects are NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Required. The taint key to be applied to a node.

Optional:

- `time_added` (String) TimeAdded represents the time at which the taint was added. It is only written for NoExecute taints.
- `value` (String) The taint value corresponding to the taint key.
