---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_hive_openshift_io_cluster_provision_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "hive.openshift.io"
description: |-
  ClusterProvision is the Schema for the clusterprovisions API
---

# k8s_hive_openshift_io_cluster_provision_v1_manifest (Data Source)

ClusterProvision is the Schema for the clusterprovisions API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_hive_openshift_io_cluster_provision_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) ClusterProvisionSpec defines the results of provisioning a cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `attempt` (Number) Attempt is which attempt number of the cluster deployment that this ClusterProvision is
- `cluster_deployment_ref` (Attributes) ClusterDeploymentRef references the cluster deployment provisioned. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_deployment_ref))
- `stage` (String) Stage is the stage of provisioning that the cluster deployment has reached.

Optional:

- `admin_kubeconfig_secret_ref` (Attributes) AdminKubeconfigSecretRef references the secret containing the admin kubeconfig for this cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--admin_kubeconfig_secret_ref))
- `admin_password_secret_ref` (Attributes) AdminPasswordSecretRef references the secret containing the admin username/password which can be used to login to this cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--admin_password_secret_ref))
- `cluster_id` (String) ClusterID is a globally unique identifier for this cluster generated during installation. Used for reporting metrics among other places.
- `infra_id` (String) InfraID is an identifier for this cluster generated during installation and used for tagging/naming resources in cloud providers.
- `install_log` (String) InstallLog is the log from the installer.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Metadata is the metadata.json generated by the installer, providing metadata information about the cluster created. NOTE: This is not used because it didn't work (it was always empty). We think because the thing it's storing (ClusterMetadata from installer) is not a runtime.Object, so can't be put in a RawExtension.
- `metadata_json` (String) MetadataJSON is a JSON representation of the ClusterMetadata produced by the installer. We don't use a runtime.RawExtension because ClusterMetadata isn't a runtime.Object. We don't use ClusterMetadata itself because we don't want our API consumers to need to pull in the installer code and its dependencies.
- `prev_cluster_id` (String) PrevClusterID is the cluster ID of the previous failed provision attempt.
- `prev_infra_id` (String) PrevInfraID is the infra ID of the previous failed provision attempt.
- `prev_provision_name` (String) PrevProvisionName is the name of the previous failed provision attempt.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_deployment_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_deployment_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. This field is effectively required, but due to backwards compatibility is allowed to be empty. Instances of this type with an empty value here are almost certainly wrong. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names


<a id="nestedatt--spec--admin_kubeconfig_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.admin_kubeconfig_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. This field is effectively required, but due to backwards compatibility is allowed to be empty. Instances of this type with an empty value here are almost certainly wrong. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names


<a id="nestedatt--spec--admin_password_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.admin_password_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. This field is effectively required, but due to backwards compatibility is allowed to be empty. Instances of this type with an empty value here are almost certainly wrong. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
