---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_hive_openshift_io_cluster_claim_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "hive.openshift.io"
description: |-
  ClusterClaim represents a claim to a cluster from a cluster pool.
---

# k8s_hive_openshift_io_cluster_claim_v1_manifest (Data Source)

ClusterClaim represents a claim to a cluster from a cluster pool.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_hive_openshift_io_cluster_claim_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
  spec = {
    cluster_pool_name = "some-pool"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) ClusterClaimSpec defines the desired state of the ClusterClaim. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `cluster_pool_name` (String) ClusterPoolName is the name of the cluster pool from which to claim a cluster.

Optional:

- `lifetime` (String) Lifetime is the maximum lifetime of the claim after it is assigned a cluster. If the claim still exists when the lifetime has elapsed, the claim will be deleted by Hive. This is a Duration value; see https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration for accepted formats. Note: due to discrepancies in validation vs parsing, we use a Pattern instead of 'Format=duration'. See https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2050332 https://github.com/kubernetes/apimachinery/issues/131 https://github.com/kubernetes/apiextensions-apiserver/issues/56
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace containing the ClusterDeployment (name will match the namespace) of the claimed cluster. This field will be set as soon as a suitable cluster can be found, however that cluster may still be resuming and not yet ready for use. Wait for the ClusterRunning condition to be true to avoid this issue.
- `subjects` (Attributes List) Subjects hold references to which to authorize access to the claimed cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--subjects))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--subjects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.subjects`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind of object being referenced. Values defined by this API group are 'User', 'Group', and 'ServiceAccount'. If the Authorizer does not recognized the kind value, the Authorizer should report an error.
- `name` (String) Name of the object being referenced.

Optional:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup holds the API group of the referenced subject. Defaults to '' for ServiceAccount subjects. Defaults to 'rbac.authorization.k8s.io' for User and Group subjects.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referenced object.  If the object kind is non-namespace, such as 'User' or 'Group', and this value is not empty the Authorizer should report an error.
