---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_hive_openshift_io_cluster_deployment_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "hive.openshift.io"
description: |-
  ClusterDeployment is the Schema for the clusterdeployments API
---

# k8s_hive_openshift_io_cluster_deployment_v1_manifest (Data Source)

ClusterDeployment is the Schema for the clusterdeployments API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_hive_openshift_io_cluster_deployment_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) ClusterDeploymentSpec defines the desired state of ClusterDeployment (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `base_domain` (String) BaseDomain is the base domain to which the cluster should belong.
- `cluster_name` (String) ClusterName is the friendly name of the cluster. It is used for subdomains, some resource tagging, and other instances where a friendly name for the cluster is useful.
- `platform` (Attributes) Platform is the configuration for the specific platform upon which to perform the installation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform))

Optional:

- `bound_service_account_signing_key_secret_ref` (Attributes) BoundServiceAccountSigningKeySecretRef refers to a Secret that contains a 'bound-service-account-signing-key.key' data key pointing to the private key that will be used to sign ServiceAccount objects. Primarily used to provision AWS clusters to use Amazon's Security Token Service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--bound_service_account_signing_key_secret_ref))
- `certificate_bundles` (Attributes List) CertificateBundles is a list of certificate bundles associated with this cluster (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--certificate_bundles))
- `cluster_install_ref` (Attributes) ClusterInstallLocalReference provides reference to an object that implements the hivecontract ClusterInstall. The namespace of the object is same as the ClusterDeployment. This cannot be set when Provisioning is also set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_install_ref))
- `cluster_metadata` (Attributes) ClusterMetadata contains metadata information about the installed cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_metadata))
- `cluster_pool_ref` (Attributes) ClusterPoolRef is a reference to the ClusterPool that this ClusterDeployment originated from. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_pool_ref))
- `control_plane_config` (Attributes) ControlPlaneConfig contains additional configuration for the target cluster's control plane (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--control_plane_config))
- `hibernate_after` (String) HibernateAfter will transition a cluster to hibernating power state after it has been running for the given duration. The time that a cluster has been running is the time since the cluster was installed or the time since the cluster last came out of hibernation. This is a Duration value; see https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration for accepted formats. Note: due to discrepancies in validation vs parsing, we use a Pattern instead of 'Format=duration'. See https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2050332 https://github.com/kubernetes/apimachinery/issues/131 https://github.com/kubernetes/apiextensions-apiserver/issues/56
- `ingress` (Attributes List) Ingress allows defining desired clusteringress/shards to be configured on the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ingress))
- `install_attempts_limit` (Number) InstallAttemptsLimit is the maximum number of times Hive will attempt to install the cluster.
- `installed` (Boolean) Installed is true if the cluster has been installed
- `manage_dns` (Boolean) ManageDNS specifies whether a DNSZone should be created and managed automatically for this ClusterDeployment
- `power_state` (String) PowerState indicates whether a cluster should be running or hibernating. When omitted, PowerState defaults to the Running state.
- `preserve_on_delete` (Boolean) PreserveOnDelete allows the user to disconnect a cluster from Hive without deprovisioning it. This can also be used to abandon ongoing cluster deprovision.
- `provisioning` (Attributes) Provisioning contains settings used only for initial cluster provisioning. May be unset in the case of adopted clusters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provisioning))
- `pull_secret_ref` (Attributes) PullSecretRef is the reference to the secret to use when pulling images. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pull_secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform`

Optional:

- `agent_bare_metal` (Attributes) AgentBareMetal is the configuration used when performing an Assisted Agent based installation to bare metal. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--agent_bare_metal))
- `aws` (Attributes) AWS is the configuration used when installing on AWS. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--aws))
- `azure` (Attributes) Azure is the configuration used when installing on Azure. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--azure))
- `baremetal` (Attributes) BareMetal is the configuration used when installing on bare metal. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--baremetal))
- `gcp` (Attributes) GCP is the configuration used when installing on Google Cloud Platform. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--gcp))
- `ibmcloud` (Attributes) IBMCloud is the configuration used when installing on IBM Cloud (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--ibmcloud))
- `none` (Map of String) None indicates platform-agnostic install. https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.7/installing/installing_platform_agnostic/installing-platform-agnostic.html
- `openstack` (Attributes) OpenStack is the configuration used when installing on OpenStack (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--openstack))
- `ovirt` (Attributes) Ovirt is the configuration used when installing on oVirt (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--ovirt))
- `vsphere` (Attributes) VSphere is the configuration used when installing on vSphere (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--vsphere))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--agent_bare_metal"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.agent_bare_metal`

Required:

- `agent_selector` (Attributes) AgentSelector is a label selector used for associating relevant custom resources with this cluster. (Agent, BareMetalHost, etc) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--agent_bare_metal--agent_selector))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--agent_bare_metal--agent_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.agent_bare_metal.agent_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--agent_bare_metal--agent_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--agent_bare_metal--agent_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.agent_bare_metal.agent_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--aws"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.aws`

Required:

- `region` (String) Region specifies the AWS region where the cluster will be created.

Optional:

- `credentials_assume_role` (Attributes) CredentialsAssumeRole refers to the IAM role that must be assumed to obtain AWS account access for the cluster operations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--aws--credentials_assume_role))
- `credentials_secret_ref` (Attributes) CredentialsSecretRef refers to a secret that contains the AWS account access credentials. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--aws--credentials_secret_ref))
- `private_link` (Attributes) PrivateLink allows uses to enable access to the cluster's API server using AWS PrivateLink. AWS PrivateLink includes a pair of VPC Endpoint Service and VPC Endpoint accross AWS accounts and allows clients to connect to services using AWS's internal networking instead of the Internet. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--aws--private_link))
- `user_tags` (Map of String) UserTags specifies additional tags for AWS resources created for the cluster.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--aws--credentials_assume_role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.aws.user_tags`

Required:

- `role_arn` (String)

Optional:

- `external_id` (String) ExternalID is random string generated by platform so that assume role is protected from confused deputy problem. more info: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_create_for-user_externalid.html


<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--aws--credentials_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.aws.user_tags`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?


<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--aws--private_link"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.aws.user_tags`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean)

Optional:

- `additional_allowed_principals` (List of String) AdditionalAllowedPrincipals is a list of additional allowed principal ARNs to be configured for the Private Link cluster's VPC Endpoint Service. ARNs provided as AdditionalAllowedPrincipals will be configured for the cluster's VPC Endpoint Service in addition to the IAM entity used by Hive.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--azure"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.azure`

Required:

- `credentials_secret_ref` (Attributes) CredentialsSecretRef refers to a secret that contains the Azure account access credentials. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--azure--credentials_secret_ref))
- `region` (String) Region specifies the Azure region where the cluster will be created.

Optional:

- `base_domain_resource_group_name` (String) BaseDomainResourceGroupName specifies the resource group where the azure DNS zone for the base domain is found
- `cloud_name` (String) cloudName is the name of the Azure cloud environment which can be used to configure the Azure SDK with the appropriate Azure API endpoints. If empty, the value is equal to 'AzurePublicCloud'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--azure--credentials_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.azure.cloud_name`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?



<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--baremetal"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.baremetal`

Required:

- `libvirt_ssh_private_key_secret_ref` (Attributes) LibvirtSSHPrivateKeySecretRef is the reference to the secret that contains the private SSH key to use for access to the libvirt provisioning host. The SSH private key is expected to be in the secret data under the 'ssh-privatekey' key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--baremetal--libvirt_ssh_private_key_secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--baremetal--libvirt_ssh_private_key_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.baremetal.libvirt_ssh_private_key_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?



<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--gcp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.gcp`

Required:

- `credentials_secret_ref` (Attributes) CredentialsSecretRef refers to a secret that contains the GCP account access credentials. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--gcp--credentials_secret_ref))
- `region` (String) Region specifies the GCP region where the cluster will be created.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--gcp--credentials_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.gcp.region`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?



<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--ibmcloud"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.ibmcloud`

Required:

- `credentials_secret_ref` (Attributes) CredentialsSecretRef refers to a secret that contains IBM Cloud account access credentials. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--ibmcloud--credentials_secret_ref))
- `region` (String) Region specifies the IBM Cloud region where the cluster will be created.

Optional:

- `account_id` (String) AccountID is the IBM Cloud Account ID. AccountID is DEPRECATED and is gathered via the IBM Cloud API for the provided credentials. This field will be ignored.
- `cis_instance_crn` (String) CISInstanceCRN is the IBM Cloud Internet Services Instance CRN CISInstanceCRN is DEPRECATED and gathered via the IBM Cloud API for the provided credentials and cluster deployment base domain. This field will be ignored.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--ibmcloud--credentials_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.ibmcloud.cis_instance_crn`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?



<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--openstack"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.openstack`

Required:

- `cloud` (String) Cloud will be used to indicate the OS_CLOUD value to use the right section from the clouds.yaml in the CredentialsSecretRef.
- `credentials_secret_ref` (Attributes) CredentialsSecretRef refers to a secret that contains the OpenStack account access credentials. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--openstack--credentials_secret_ref))

Optional:

- `certificates_secret_ref` (Attributes) CertificatesSecretRef refers to a secret that contains CA certificates necessary for communicating with the OpenStack. There is additional configuration required for the OpenShift cluster to trust the certificates provided in this secret. The 'clouds.yaml' file included in the credentialsSecretRef Secret must also include a reference to the certificate bundle file for the OpenShift cluster being created to trust the OpenStack endpoints. The 'clouds.yaml' file must set the 'cacert' field to either '/etc/openstack-ca/<key name containing the trust bundle in credentialsSecretRef Secret>' or '/etc/pki/ca-trust/extracted/pem/tls-ca-bundle.pem'.  For example, '''clouds.yaml clouds: shiftstack: auth: ... cacert: '/etc/pki/ca-trust/extracted/pem/tls-ca-bundle.pem' ''' (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--openstack--certificates_secret_ref))
- `trunk_support` (Boolean) TrunkSupport indicates whether or not to use trunk ports in your OpenShift cluster.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--openstack--credentials_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.openstack.trunk_support`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?


<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--openstack--certificates_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.openstack.trunk_support`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?



<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--ovirt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.ovirt`

Required:

- `certificates_secret_ref` (Attributes) CertificatesSecretRef refers to a secret that contains the oVirt CA certificates necessary for communicating with oVirt. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--ovirt--certificates_secret_ref))
- `credentials_secret_ref` (Attributes) CredentialsSecretRef refers to a secret that contains the oVirt account access credentials with fields: ovirt_url, ovirt_username, ovirt_password, ovirt_ca_bundle (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--ovirt--credentials_secret_ref))
- `ovirt_cluster_id` (String) The target cluster under which all VMs will run
- `storage_domain_id` (String) The target storage domain under which all VM disk would be created.

Optional:

- `ovirt_network_name` (String) The target network of all the network interfaces of the nodes. Omitting defaults to ovirtmgmt network which is a default network for evert ovirt cluster.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--ovirt--certificates_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.ovirt.ovirt_network_name`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?


<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--ovirt--credentials_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.ovirt.ovirt_network_name`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?



<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--vsphere"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.vsphere`

Required:

- `certificates_secret_ref` (Attributes) CertificatesSecretRef refers to a secret that contains the vSphere CA certificates necessary for communicating with the VCenter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--vsphere--certificates_secret_ref))
- `credentials_secret_ref` (Attributes) CredentialsSecretRef refers to a secret that contains the vSphere account access credentials: GOVC_USERNAME, GOVC_PASSWORD fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--vsphere--credentials_secret_ref))
- `datacenter` (String) Datacenter is the name of the datacenter to use in the vCenter.
- `default_datastore` (String) DefaultDatastore is the default datastore to use for provisioning volumes.
- `v_center` (String) VCenter is the domain name or IP address of the vCenter.

Optional:

- `cluster` (String) Cluster is the name of the cluster virtual machines will be cloned into.
- `folder` (String) Folder is the name of the folder that will be used and/or created for virtual machines.
- `network` (String) Network specifies the name of the network to be used by the cluster.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--vsphere--certificates_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.vsphere.network`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?


<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--vsphere--credentials_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.vsphere.network`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?




<a id="nestedatt--spec--bound_service_account_signing_key_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.bound_service_account_signing_key_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?


<a id="nestedatt--spec--certificate_bundles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.certificate_bundles`

Required:

- `certificate_secret_ref` (Attributes) CertificateSecretRef is the reference to the secret that contains the certificate bundle. If the certificate bundle is to be generated, it will be generated with the name in this reference. Otherwise, it is expected that the secret should exist in the same namespace as the ClusterDeployment (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--certificate_bundles--certificate_secret_ref))
- `name` (String) Name is an identifier that must be unique within the bundle and must be referenced by an ingress or by the control plane serving certs

Optional:

- `generate` (Boolean) Generate indicates whether this bundle should have real certificates generated for it.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--certificate_bundles--certificate_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.certificate_bundles.certificate_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?



<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_install_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_install_ref`

Required:

- `group` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `version` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_metadata`

Required:

- `admin_kubeconfig_secret_ref` (Attributes) AdminKubeconfigSecretRef references the secret containing the admin kubeconfig for this cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_metadata--admin_kubeconfig_secret_ref))
- `cluster_id` (String) ClusterID is a globally unique identifier for this cluster generated during installation. Used for reporting metrics among other places.
- `infra_id` (String) InfraID is an identifier for this cluster generated during installation and used for tagging/naming resources in cloud providers.

Optional:

- `admin_password_secret_ref` (Attributes) AdminPasswordSecretRef references the secret containing the admin username/password which can be used to login to this cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_metadata--admin_password_secret_ref))
- `platform` (Attributes) Platform holds platform-specific cluster metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_metadata--platform))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_metadata--admin_kubeconfig_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_metadata.admin_kubeconfig_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?


<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_metadata--admin_password_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_metadata.admin_password_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?


<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_metadata--platform"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_metadata.platform`

Optional:

- `aws` (Attributes) AWS holds AWS-specific cluster metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_metadata--platform--aws))
- `azure` (Attributes) Azure holds azure-specific cluster metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_metadata--platform--azure))
- `gcp` (Attributes) GCP holds GCP-specific cluster metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_metadata--platform--gcp))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_metadata--platform--aws"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_metadata.platform.gcp`

Optional:

- `hosted_zone_role` (String) HostedZoneRole is the role to assume when performing operations on a hosted zone owned by another account.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_metadata--platform--azure"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_metadata.platform.gcp`

Required:

- `resource_group_name` (String) ResourceGroupName is the name of the resource group in which the cluster resources were created.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_metadata--platform--gcp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_metadata.platform.gcp`

Optional:

- `network_project_id` (String) NetworkProjectID is used for shared VPC setups




<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_pool_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_pool_ref`

Required:

- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace where the ClusterPool resides.
- `pool_name` (String) PoolName is the name of the ClusterPool for which the cluster was created.

Optional:

- `claim_name` (String) ClaimName is the name of the ClusterClaim that claimed the cluster from the pool.
- `claimed_timestamp` (String) ClaimedTimestamp is the time this cluster was assigned to a ClusterClaim. This is only used for ClusterDeployments belonging to ClusterPools.
- `cluster_deployment_customization` (Attributes) CustomizationRef is the ClusterPool Inventory claimed customization for this ClusterDeployment. The Customization exists in the ClusterPool namespace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_pool_ref--cluster_deployment_customization))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_pool_ref--cluster_deployment_customization"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_pool_ref.cluster_deployment_customization`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?



<a id="nestedatt--spec--control_plane_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.control_plane_config`

Optional:

- `api_server_ip_override` (String) APIServerIPOverride is the optional override of the API server IP address. Hive will use this IP address for creating TCP connections. Port from the original API server URL will be used. This field can be used when repointing the APIServer's DNS is not viable option.
- `api_url_override` (String) APIURLOverride is the optional URL override to which Hive will transition for communication with the API server of the remote cluster. When a remote cluster is created, Hive will initially communicate using the API URL established during installation. If an API URL Override is specified, Hive will periodically attempt to connect to the remote cluster using the override URL. Once Hive has determined that the override URL is active, Hive will use the override URL for further communications with the API server of the remote cluster.
- `serving_certificates` (Attributes) ServingCertificates specifies serving certificates for the control plane (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--control_plane_config--serving_certificates))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--control_plane_config--serving_certificates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.control_plane_config.serving_certificates`

Optional:

- `additional` (Attributes List) Additional is a list of additional domains and certificates that are also associated with the control plane's api endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--control_plane_config--serving_certificates--additional))
- `default` (String) Default references the name of a CertificateBundle in the ClusterDeployment that should be used for the control plane's default endpoint.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--control_plane_config--serving_certificates--additional"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.control_plane_config.serving_certificates.default`

Required:

- `domain` (String) Domain is the domain of the additional control plane certificate
- `name` (String) Name references a CertificateBundle in the ClusterDeployment.Spec that should be used for this additional certificate.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--ingress"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ingress`

Required:

- `domain` (String) Domain (sometimes referred to as shard) is the full DNS suffix that the resulting IngressController object will service (eg abcd.mycluster.mydomain.com).
- `name` (String) Name of the ClusterIngress object to create.

Optional:

- `http_error_code_pages` (Attributes) HttpErrorCodePages allows configuring custom HTTP error pages using the IngressController object (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ingress--http_error_code_pages))
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) NamespaceSelector allows filtering the list of namespaces serviced by the ingress controller. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ingress--namespace_selector))
- `route_selector` (Attributes) RouteSelector allows filtering the set of Routes serviced by the ingress controller (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ingress--route_selector))
- `serving_certificate` (String) ServingCertificate references a CertificateBundle in the ClusterDeployment.Spec that should be used for this Ingress

<a id="nestedatt--spec--ingress--http_error_code_pages"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ingress.http_error_code_pages`

Required:

- `name` (String) name is the metadata.name of the referenced config map


<a id="nestedatt--spec--ingress--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ingress.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ingress--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--ingress--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ingress.namespace_selector.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--ingress--route_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ingress.route_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ingress--route_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--ingress--route_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ingress.route_selector.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--provisioning"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provisioning`

Optional:

- `image_set_ref` (Attributes) ImageSetRef is a reference to a ClusterImageSet. If a value is specified for ReleaseImage, that will take precedence over the one from the ClusterImageSet. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provisioning--image_set_ref))
- `install_config_secret_ref` (Attributes) InstallConfigSecretRef is the reference to a secret that contains an openshift-install InstallConfig. This file will be passed through directly to the installer. Any version of InstallConfig can be used, provided it can be parsed by the openshift-install version for the release you are provisioning. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provisioning--install_config_secret_ref))
- `installer_env` (Attributes List) InstallerEnv are extra environment variables to pass through to the installer. This may be used to enable additional features of the installer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provisioning--installer_env))
- `installer_image_override` (String) InstallerImageOverride allows specifying a URI for the installer image, normally gleaned from the metadata within the ReleaseImage.
- `manifests_config_map_ref` (Attributes) ManifestsConfigMapRef is a reference to user-provided manifests to add to or replace manifests that are generated by the installer. It serves the same purpose as, and is mutually exclusive with, ManifestsSecretRef. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provisioning--manifests_config_map_ref))
- `manifests_secret_ref` (Attributes) ManifestsSecretRef is a reference to user-provided manifests to add to or replace manifests that are generated by the installer. It serves the same purpose as, and is mutually exclusive with, ManifestsConfigMapRef. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provisioning--manifests_secret_ref))
- `release_image` (String) ReleaseImage is the image containing metadata for all components that run in the cluster, and is the primary and best way to specify what specific version of OpenShift you wish to install.
- `ssh_known_hosts` (List of String) SSHKnownHosts are known hosts to be configured in the hive install manager pod to avoid ssh prompts. Use of ssh in the install pod is somewhat limited today (failure log gathering from cluster, some bare metal provisioning scenarios), so this setting is often not needed.
- `ssh_private_key_secret_ref` (Attributes) SSHPrivateKeySecretRef is the reference to the secret that contains the private SSH key to use for access to compute instances. This private key should correspond to the public key included in the InstallConfig. The private key is used by Hive to gather logs on the target cluster if there are install failures. The SSH private key is expected to be in the secret data under the 'ssh-privatekey' key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provisioning--ssh_private_key_secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provisioning--image_set_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provisioning.image_set_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the ClusterImageSet that this refers to


<a id="nestedatt--spec--provisioning--install_config_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provisioning.install_config_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?


<a id="nestedatt--spec--provisioning--installer_env"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provisioning.installer_env`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the environment variable. Must be a C_IDENTIFIER.

Optional:

- `value` (String) Variable references $(VAR_NAME) are expanded using the previously defined environment variables in the container and any service environment variables. If a variable cannot be resolved, the reference in the input string will be unchanged. Double $$ are reduced to a single $, which allows for escaping the $(VAR_NAME) syntax: i.e. '$$(VAR_NAME)' will produce the string literal '$(VAR_NAME)'. Escaped references will never be expanded, regardless of whether the variable exists or not. Defaults to ''.
- `value_from` (Attributes) Source for the environment variable's value. Cannot be used if value is not empty. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provisioning--installer_env--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provisioning--installer_env--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provisioning.installer_env.value_from`

Optional:

- `config_map_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a ConfigMap. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provisioning--installer_env--value_from--config_map_key_ref))
- `field_ref` (Attributes) Selects a field of the pod: supports metadata.name, metadata.namespace, 'metadata.labels['<KEY>']', 'metadata.annotations['<KEY>']', spec.nodeName, spec.serviceAccountName, status.hostIP, status.podIP, status.podIPs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provisioning--installer_env--value_from--field_ref))
- `resource_field_ref` (Attributes) Selects a resource of the container: only resources limits and requests (limits.cpu, limits.memory, limits.ephemeral-storage, requests.cpu, requests.memory and requests.ephemeral-storage) are currently supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provisioning--installer_env--value_from--resource_field_ref))
- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a secret in the pod's namespace (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provisioning--installer_env--value_from--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provisioning--installer_env--value_from--config_map_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provisioning.installer_env.value_from.config_map_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key to select.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the ConfigMap or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--provisioning--installer_env--value_from--field_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provisioning.installer_env.value_from.field_ref`

Required:

- `field_path` (String) Path of the field to select in the specified API version.

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) Version of the schema the FieldPath is written in terms of, defaults to 'v1'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--provisioning--installer_env--value_from--resource_field_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provisioning.installer_env.value_from.resource_field_ref`

Required:

- `resource` (String) Required: resource to select

Optional:

- `container_name` (String) Container name: required for volumes, optional for env vars
- `divisor` (String) Specifies the output format of the exposed resources, defaults to '1'


<a id="nestedatt--spec--provisioning--installer_env--value_from--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provisioning.installer_env.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined




<a id="nestedatt--spec--provisioning--manifests_config_map_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provisioning.manifests_config_map_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?


<a id="nestedatt--spec--provisioning--manifests_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provisioning.manifests_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?


<a id="nestedatt--spec--provisioning--ssh_private_key_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provisioning.ssh_private_key_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?



<a id="nestedatt--spec--pull_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pull_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
