---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_hive_openshift_io_cluster_deployment_customization_v1 Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "hive.openshift.io"
description: |-
  ClusterDeploymentCustomization is the Schema for clusterdeploymentcustomizations API.
---

# k8s_hive_openshift_io_cluster_deployment_customization_v1 (Data Source)

ClusterDeploymentCustomization is the Schema for clusterdeploymentcustomizations API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_hive_openshift_io_cluster_deployment_customization_v1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) The API group of the requested resource.
- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `kind` (String) The type of the requested resource.
- `spec` (Attributes) ClusterDeploymentCustomizationSpec defines the desired state of ClusterDeploymentCustomization. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Read-Only:

- `install_config_patches` (Attributes List) InstallConfigPatches is a list of patches to be applied to the install-config. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--install_config_patches))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--install_config_patches"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.install_config_patches`

Read-Only:

- `from` (String) From is the json path to copy or move the value from
- `op` (String) Op is the operation to perform: add, remove, replace, move, copy, test
- `path` (String) Path is the json path to the value to be modified
- `value` (String) Value is the value to be used in the operation
