---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_hive_openshift_io_dns_zone_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "hive.openshift.io"
description: |-
  DNSZone is the Schema for the dnszones API
---

# k8s_hive_openshift_io_dns_zone_v1_manifest (Data Source)

DNSZone is the Schema for the dnszones API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_hive_openshift_io_dns_zone_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) DNSZoneSpec defines the desired state of DNSZone (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `zone` (String) Zone is the DNS zone to host

Optional:

- `aws` (Attributes) AWS specifies AWS-specific cloud configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--aws))
- `azure` (Attributes) Azure specifes Azure-specific cloud configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--azure))
- `gcp` (Attributes) GCP specifies GCP-specific cloud configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--gcp))
- `link_to_parent_domain` (Boolean) LinkToParentDomain specifies whether DNS records should be automatically created to link this DNSZone with a parent domain.
- `preserve_on_delete` (Boolean) PreserveOnDelete allows the user to disconnect a DNSZone from Hive without deprovisioning it. This can also be used to abandon ongoing DNSZone deprovision. Typically set automatically due to PreserveOnDelete being set on a ClusterDeployment.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--aws"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.aws`

Optional:

- `additional_tags` (Attributes List) AdditionalTags is a set of additional tags to set on the DNS hosted zone. In addition to these tags,the DNS Zone controller will set a hive.openhsift.io/hostedzone tag identifying the HostedZone record that it belongs to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--aws--additional_tags))
- `credentials_assume_role` (Attributes) CredentialsAssumeRole refers to the IAM role that must be assumed to obtain AWS account access for the DNS CRUD operations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--aws--credentials_assume_role))
- `credentials_secret_ref` (Attributes) CredentialsSecretRef contains a reference to a secret that contains AWS credentials for CRUD operations (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--aws--credentials_secret_ref))
- `region` (String) Region is the AWS region to use for route53 operations. This defaults to us-east-1. For AWS China, use cn-northwest-1.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--aws--additional_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.aws.additional_tags`

Required:

- `key` (String) Key is the key for the tag
- `value` (String) Value is the value for the tag


<a id="nestedatt--spec--aws--credentials_assume_role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.aws.credentials_assume_role`

Required:

- `role_arn` (String)

Optional:

- `external_id` (String) ExternalID is random string generated by platform so that assume role is protected from confused deputy problem. more info: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_create_for-user_externalid.html


<a id="nestedatt--spec--aws--credentials_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.aws.credentials_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?



<a id="nestedatt--spec--azure"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.azure`

Required:

- `credentials_secret_ref` (Attributes) CredentialsSecretRef references a secret that will be used to authenticate with Azure CloudDNS. It will need permission to create and manage CloudDNS Hosted Zones. Secret should have a key named 'osServicePrincipal.json'. The credentials must specify the project to use. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--azure--credentials_secret_ref))
- `resource_group_name` (String) ResourceGroupName specifies the Azure resource group in which the Hosted Zone should be created.

Optional:

- `cloud_name` (String) CloudName is the name of the Azure cloud environment which can be used to configure the Azure SDK with the appropriate Azure API endpoints. If empty, the value is equal to 'AzurePublicCloud'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--azure--credentials_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.azure.credentials_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?



<a id="nestedatt--spec--gcp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.gcp`

Required:

- `credentials_secret_ref` (Attributes) CredentialsSecretRef references a secret that will be used to authenticate with GCP CloudDNS. It will need permission to create and manage CloudDNS Hosted Zones. Secret should have a key named 'osServiceAccount.json'. The credentials must specify the project to use. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--gcp--credentials_secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--gcp--credentials_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.gcp.credentials_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
