---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_hive_openshift_io_cluster_deprovision_v1 Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "hive.openshift.io"
description: |-
  ClusterDeprovision is the Schema for the clusterdeprovisions API
---

# k8s_hive_openshift_io_cluster_deprovision_v1 (Data Source)

ClusterDeprovision is the Schema for the clusterdeprovisions API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_hive_openshift_io_cluster_deprovision_v1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `spec` (Attributes) ClusterDeprovisionSpec defines the desired state of ClusterDeprovision (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Read-Only:

- `cluster_id` (String) ClusterID is a globally unique identifier for the cluster to deprovision. It will be used if specified.
- `cluster_name` (String) ClusterName is the friendly name of the cluster. It is used for subdomains, some resource tagging, and other instances where a friendly name for the cluster is useful.
- `infra_id` (String) InfraID is the identifier generated during installation for a cluster. It is used for tagging/naming resources in cloud providers.
- `platform` (Attributes) Platform contains platform-specific configuration for a ClusterDeprovision (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform`

Read-Only:

- `alibabacloud` (Attributes) AlibabaCloud contains Alibaba Cloud specific deprovision settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--alibabacloud))
- `aws` (Attributes) AWS contains AWS-specific deprovision settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--aws))
- `azure` (Attributes) Azure contains Azure-specific deprovision settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--azure))
- `gcp` (Attributes) GCP contains GCP-specific deprovision settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--gcp))
- `ibmcloud` (Attributes) IBMCloud contains IBM Cloud specific deprovision settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--ibmcloud))
- `openstack` (Attributes) OpenStack contains OpenStack-specific deprovision settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--openstack))
- `ovirt` (Attributes) Ovirt contains oVirt-specific deprovision settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--ovirt))
- `vsphere` (Attributes) VSphere contains VMWare vSphere-specific deprovision settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--vsphere))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--alibabacloud"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.alibabacloud`

Read-Only:

- `base_domain` (String) BaseDomain is the DNS base domain
- `credentials_secret_ref` (Attributes) CredentialsSecretRef is the Alibaba account credentials to use for deprovisioning the cluster (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--alibabacloud--credentials_secret_ref))
- `region` (String) Region is the Alibaba region for this deprovision

<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--alibabacloud--credentials_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.alibabacloud.region`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?



<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--aws"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.aws`

Read-Only:

- `credentials_assume_role` (Attributes) CredentialsAssumeRole refers to the IAM role that must be assumed to obtain AWS account access for deprovisioning the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--aws--credentials_assume_role))
- `credentials_secret_ref` (Attributes) CredentialsSecretRef is the AWS account credentials to use for deprovisioning the cluster (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--aws--credentials_secret_ref))
- `hosted_zone_role` (String) HostedZoneRole is the role to assume when performing operations on a hosted zone owned by another account.
- `region` (String) Region is the AWS region for this deprovisioning

<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--aws--credentials_assume_role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.aws.region`

Read-Only:

- `external_id` (String) ExternalID is random string generated by platform so that assume role is protected from confused deputy problem. more info: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_create_for-user_externalid.html
- `role_arn` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--aws--credentials_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.aws.region`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?



<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--azure"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.azure`

Read-Only:

- `cloud_name` (String) cloudName is the name of the Azure cloud environment which can be used to configure the Azure SDK with the appropriate Azure API endpoints. If empty, the value is equal to 'AzurePublicCloud'.
- `credentials_secret_ref` (Attributes) CredentialsSecretRef is the Azure account credentials to use for deprovisioning the cluster (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--azure--credentials_secret_ref))
- `resource_group_name` (String) ResourceGroupName is the name of the resource group where the cluster was installed. Required for new deprovisions (schema notwithstanding).

<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--azure--credentials_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.azure.resource_group_name`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?



<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--gcp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.gcp`

Read-Only:

- `credentials_secret_ref` (Attributes) CredentialsSecretRef is the GCP account credentials to use for deprovisioning the cluster (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--gcp--credentials_secret_ref))
- `region` (String) Region is the GCP region for this deprovision

<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--gcp--credentials_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.gcp.region`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?



<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--ibmcloud"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.ibmcloud`

Read-Only:

- `base_domain` (String) BaseDomain is the DNS base domain
- `credentials_secret_ref` (Attributes) CredentialsSecretRef is the IBM Cloud credentials to use for deprovisioning the cluster (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--ibmcloud--credentials_secret_ref))
- `region` (String) Region specifies the IBM Cloud region

<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--ibmcloud--credentials_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.ibmcloud.region`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?



<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--openstack"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.openstack`

Read-Only:

- `certificates_secret_ref` (Attributes) CertificatesSecretRef refers to a secret that contains CA certificates necessary for communicating with the OpenStack. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--openstack--certificates_secret_ref))
- `cloud` (String) Cloud is the secion in the clouds.yaml secret below to use for auth/connectivity.
- `credentials_secret_ref` (Attributes) CredentialsSecretRef is the OpenStack account credentials to use for deprovisioning the cluster (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--openstack--credentials_secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--openstack--certificates_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.openstack.credentials_secret_ref`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?


<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--openstack--credentials_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.openstack.credentials_secret_ref`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?



<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--ovirt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.ovirt`

Read-Only:

- `certificates_secret_ref` (Attributes) CertificatesSecretRef refers to a secret that contains the oVirt CA certificates necessary for communicating with the oVirt. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--ovirt--certificates_secret_ref))
- `cluster_id` (String) The oVirt cluster ID
- `credentials_secret_ref` (Attributes) CredentialsSecretRef is the oVirt account credentials to use for deprovisioning the cluster secret fields: ovirt_url, ovirt_username, ovirt_password, ovirt_ca_bundle (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--ovirt--credentials_secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--ovirt--certificates_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.ovirt.credentials_secret_ref`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?


<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--ovirt--credentials_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.ovirt.credentials_secret_ref`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?



<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--vsphere"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.vsphere`

Read-Only:

- `certificates_secret_ref` (Attributes) CertificatesSecretRef refers to a secret that contains the vSphere CA certificates necessary for communicating with the VCenter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--vsphere--certificates_secret_ref))
- `credentials_secret_ref` (Attributes) CredentialsSecretRef is the vSphere account credentials to use for deprovisioning the cluster (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--platform--vsphere--credentials_secret_ref))
- `v_center` (String) VCenter is the vSphere vCenter hostname.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--vsphere--certificates_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.vsphere.v_center`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?


<a id="nestedatt--spec--platform--vsphere--credentials_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.platform.vsphere.v_center`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
