---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_hnc_x_k8s_io_hierarchy_configuration_v1alpha2_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "hnc.x-k8s.io"
description: |-
  Hierarchy is the Schema for the hierarchies API
---

# k8s_hnc_x_k8s_io_hierarchy_configuration_v1alpha2_manifest (Data Source)

Hierarchy is the Schema for the hierarchies API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_hnc_x_k8s_io_hierarchy_configuration_v1alpha2_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) HierarchySpec defines the desired state of Hierarchy (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `allow_cascading_deletion` (Boolean) AllowCascadingDeletion indicates if the subnamespaces of this namespace are allowed to cascading delete.
- `annotations` (Attributes List) Annotations is a list of annotations and values to apply to the current namespace and all of its descendants. All annotation keys must match a regex specified on the command line by --managed-namespace-annotation. A namespace cannot have a KVP that conflicts with one of its ancestors. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--annotations))
- `labels` (Attributes List) Lables is a list of labels and values to apply to the current namespace and all of its descendants. All label keys must match a regex specified on the command line by --managed-namespace-label. A namespace cannot have a KVP that conflicts with one of its ancestors. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--labels))
- `parent` (String) Parent indicates the parent of this namespace, if any.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--annotations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.annotations`

Required:

- `key` (String) Key is the name of the label or annotation. It must conform to the normal rules for Kubernetes label/annotation keys.
- `value` (String) Value is the value of the label or annotation. It must confirm to the normal rules for Kubernetes label or annoation values, which are far more restrictive for labels than for anntations.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--labels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) Key is the name of the label or annotation. It must conform to the normal rules for Kubernetes label/annotation keys.
- `value` (String) Value is the value of the label or annotation. It must confirm to the normal rules for Kubernetes label or annoation values, which are far more restrictive for labels than for anntations.
