---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_iam_services_k8s_aws_user_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "iam.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  User is the Schema for the Users API
---

# k8s_iam_services_k8s_aws_user_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

User is the Schema for the Users API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_iam_services_k8s_aws_user_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) UserSpec defines the desired state of User.Contains information about an IAM user entity.This data type is used as a response element in the following operations:   * CreateUser   * GetUser   * ListUsers (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the user to create.IAM user, group, role, and policy names must be unique within the account.Names are not distinguished by case. For example, you cannot create resourcesnamed both 'MyResource' and 'myresource'.

Optional:

- `inline_policies` (Map of String)
- `path` (String) The path for the user name. For more information about paths, see IAM identifiers(https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/Using_Identifiers.html)in the IAM User Guide.This parameter is optional. If it is not included, it defaults to a slash(/).This parameter allows (through its regex pattern (http://wikipedia.org/wiki/regex))a string of characters consisting of either a forward slash (/) by itselfor a string that must begin and end with forward slashes. In addition, itcan contain any ASCII character from the ! (u0021) through the DEL character(u007F), including most punctuation characters, digits, and upper and lowercasedletters.
- `permissions_boundary` (String) The ARN of the managed policy that is used to set the permissions boundaryfor the user.A permissions boundary policy defines the maximum permissions that identity-basedpolicies can grant to an entity, but does not grant permissions. Permissionsboundaries do not define the maximum permissions that a resource-based policycan grant to an entity. To learn more, see Permissions boundaries for IAMentities (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access_policies_boundaries.html)in the IAM User Guide.For more information about policy types, see Policy types (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access_policies.html#access_policy-types)in the IAM User Guide.
- `permissions_boundary_ref` (Attributes) AWSResourceReferenceWrapper provides a wrapper around *AWSResourceReferencetype to provide more user friendly syntax for references using 'from' fieldEx:APIIDRef:	from:	  name: my-api (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--permissions_boundary_ref))
- `policies` (List of String)
- `policy_refs` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--policy_refs))
- `tags` (Attributes List) A list of tags that you want to attach to the new user. Each tag consistsof a key name and an associated value. For more information about tagging,see Tagging IAM resources (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_tags.html)in the IAM User Guide.If any one of the tags is invalid or if you exceed the allowed maximum numberof tags, then the entire request fails and the resource is not created. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--permissions_boundary_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.permissions_boundary_ref`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference anotherk8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--permissions_boundary_ref--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--permissions_boundary_ref--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.permissions_boundary_ref.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--policy_refs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.policy_refs`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference anotherk8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--policy_refs--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--policy_refs--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.policy_refs.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)
