---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_iam_services_k8s_aws_instance_profile_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "iam.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  InstanceProfile is the Schema for the InstanceProfiles API
---

# k8s_iam_services_k8s_aws_instance_profile_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

InstanceProfile is the Schema for the InstanceProfiles API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_iam_services_k8s_aws_instance_profile_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) InstanceProfileSpec defines the desired state of InstanceProfile.Contains information about an instance profile.This data type is used as a response element in the following operations:   * CreateInstanceProfile   * GetInstanceProfile   * ListInstanceProfiles   * ListInstanceProfilesForRole (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the instance profile to create.This parameter allows (through its regex pattern (http://wikipedia.org/wiki/regex))a string of characters consisting of upper and lowercase alphanumeric characterswith no spaces. You can also include any of the following characters: _+=,.@-

Optional:

- `path` (String) The path to the instance profile. For more information about paths, see IAMIdentifiers (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/Using_Identifiers.html)in the IAM User Guide.This parameter is optional. If it is not included, it defaults to a slash(/).This parameter allows (through its regex pattern (http://wikipedia.org/wiki/regex))a string of characters consisting of either a forward slash (/) by itselfor a string that must begin and end with forward slashes. In addition, itcan contain any ASCII character from the ! (u0021) through the DEL character(u007F), including most punctuation characters, digits, and upper and lowercasedletters.
- `role` (String)
- `role_ref` (Attributes) AWSResourceReferenceWrapper provides a wrapper around *AWSResourceReferencetype to provide more user friendly syntax for references using 'from' fieldEx:APIIDRef:	from:	  name: my-api (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--role_ref))
- `tags` (Attributes List) A list of tags that you want to attach to the newly created IAM instanceprofile. Each tag consists of a key name and an associated value. For moreinformation about tagging, see Tagging IAM resources (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_tags.html)in the IAM User Guide.If any one of the tags is invalid or if you exceed the allowed maximum numberof tags, then the entire request fails and the resource is not created. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--role_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.role_ref`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference anotherk8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--role_ref--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--role_ref--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.role_ref.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)
