---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_iam_services_k8s_aws_role_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "iam.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  Role is the Schema for the Roles API
---

# k8s_iam_services_k8s_aws_role_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

Role is the Schema for the Roles API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_iam_services_k8s_aws_role_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) RoleSpec defines the desired state of Role.Contains information about an IAM role. This structure is returned as a responseelement in several API operations that interact with roles. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `assume_role_policy_document` (String) The trust relationship policy document that grants an entity permission toassume the role.In IAM, you must provide a JSON policy that has been converted to a string.However, for CloudFormation templates formatted in YAML, you can providethe policy in JSON or YAML format. CloudFormation always converts a YAMLpolicy to JSON format before submitting it to IAM.The regex pattern (http://wikipedia.org/wiki/regex) used to validate thisparameter is a string of characters consisting of the following:   * Any printable ASCII character ranging from the space character (u0020)   through the end of the ASCII character range   * The printable characters in the Basic Latin and Latin-1 Supplement character   set (through u00FF)   * The special characters tab (u0009), line feed (u000A), and carriage   return (u000D)Upon success, the response includes the same trust policy in JSON format.
- `name` (String) The name of the role to create.IAM user, group, role, and policy names must be unique within the account.Names are not distinguished by case. For example, you cannot create resourcesnamed both 'MyResource' and 'myresource'.This parameter allows (through its regex pattern (http://wikipedia.org/wiki/regex))a string of characters consisting of upper and lowercase alphanumeric characterswith no spaces. You can also include any of the following characters: _+=,.@-

Optional:

- `description` (String) A description of the role.
- `inline_policies` (Map of String)
- `max_session_duration` (Number) The maximum session duration (in seconds) that you want to set for the specifiedrole. If you do not specify a value for this setting, the default value ofone hour is applied. This setting can have a value from 1 hour to 12 hours.Anyone who assumes the role from the CLI or API can use the DurationSecondsAPI parameter or the duration-seconds CLI parameter to request a longer session.The MaxSessionDuration setting determines the maximum duration that can berequested using the DurationSeconds parameter. If users don't specify a valuefor the DurationSeconds parameter, their security credentials are valid forone hour by default. This applies when you use the AssumeRole* API operationsor the assume-role* CLI operations but does not apply when you use thoseoperations to create a console URL. For more information, see Using IAM roles(https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_use.html) in theIAM User Guide.
- `path` (String) The path to the role. For more information about paths, see IAM Identifiers(https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/Using_Identifiers.html)in the IAM User Guide.This parameter is optional. If it is not included, it defaults to a slash(/).This parameter allows (through its regex pattern (http://wikipedia.org/wiki/regex))a string of characters consisting of either a forward slash (/) by itselfor a string that must begin and end with forward slashes. In addition, itcan contain any ASCII character from the ! (u0021) through the DEL character(u007F), including most punctuation characters, digits, and upper and lowercasedletters.
- `permissions_boundary` (String) The ARN of the managed policy that is used to set the permissions boundaryfor the role.A permissions boundary policy defines the maximum permissions that identity-basedpolicies can grant to an entity, but does not grant permissions. Permissionsboundaries do not define the maximum permissions that a resource-based policycan grant to an entity. To learn more, see Permissions boundaries for IAMentities (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access_policies_boundaries.html)in the IAM User Guide.For more information about policy types, see Policy types (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access_policies.html#access_policy-types)in the IAM User Guide.
- `permissions_boundary_ref` (Attributes) AWSResourceReferenceWrapper provides a wrapper around *AWSResourceReferencetype to provide more user friendly syntax for references using 'from' fieldEx:APIIDRef:	from:	  name: my-api (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--permissions_boundary_ref))
- `policies` (List of String)
- `policy_refs` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--policy_refs))
- `tags` (Attributes List) A list of tags that you want to attach to the new role. Each tag consistsof a key name and an associated value. For more information about tagging,see Tagging IAM resources (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_tags.html)in the IAM User Guide.If any one of the tags is invalid or if you exceed the allowed maximum numberof tags, then the entire request fails and the resource is not created. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--permissions_boundary_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.permissions_boundary_ref`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference anotherk8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--permissions_boundary_ref--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--permissions_boundary_ref--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.permissions_boundary_ref.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--policy_refs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.policy_refs`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference anotherk8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--policy_refs--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--policy_refs--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.policy_refs.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)
