---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_iam_services_k8s_aws_open_id_connect_provider_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "iam.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  OpenIDConnectProvider is the Schema for the OpenIDConnectProviders API
---

# k8s_iam_services_k8s_aws_open_id_connect_provider_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

OpenIDConnectProvider is the Schema for the OpenIDConnectProviders API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_iam_services_k8s_aws_open_id_connect_provider_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) OpenIDConnectProviderSpec defines the desired state of OpenIDConnectProvider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `thumbprints` (List of String) A list of server certificate thumbprints for the OpenID Connect (OIDC) identity provider's server certificates. Typically this list includes only one entry. However, IAM lets you have up to five thumbprints for an OIDC provider. This lets you maintain multiple thumbprints if the identity provider is rotating certificates. The server certificate thumbprint is the hex-encoded SHA-1 hash value of the X.509 certificate used by the domain where the OpenID Connect provider makes its keys available. It is always a 40-character string. You must provide at least one thumbprint when creating an IAM OIDC provider. For example, assume that the OIDC provider is server.example.com and the provider stores its keys at https://keys.server.example.com/openid-connect. In that case, the thumbprint string would be the hex-encoded SHA-1 hash value of the certificate used by https://keys.server.example.com. For more information about obtaining the OIDC provider thumbprint, see Obtaining the thumbprint for an OpenID Connect provider (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/identity-providers-oidc-obtain-thumbprint.html) in the IAM user Guide.
- `url` (String) The URL of the identity provider. The URL must begin with https:// and should correspond to the iss claim in the provider's OpenID Connect ID tokens. Per the OIDC standard, path components are allowed but query parameters are not. Typically the URL consists of only a hostname, like https://server.example.org or https://example.com. The URL should not contain a port number. You cannot register the same provider multiple times in a single Amazon Web Services account. If you try to submit a URL that has already been used for an OpenID Connect provider in the Amazon Web Services account, you will get an error.

Optional:

- `client_i_ds` (List of String) Provides a list of client IDs, also known as audiences. When a mobile or web app registers with an OpenID Connect provider, they establish a value that identifies the application. This is the value that's sent as the client_id parameter on OAuth requests. You can register multiple client IDs with the same provider. For example, you might have multiple applications that use the same OIDC provider. You cannot register more than 100 client IDs with a single IAM OIDC provider. There is no defined format for a client ID. The CreateOpenIDConnectProviderRequest operation accepts client IDs up to 255 characters long.
- `tags` (Attributes List) A list of tags that you want to attach to the new IAM OpenID Connect (OIDC) provider. Each tag consists of a key name and an associated value. For more information about tagging, see Tagging IAM resources (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_tags.html) in the IAM User Guide. If any one of the tags is invalid or if you exceed the allowed maximum number of tags, then the entire request fails and the resource is not created. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)
