---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_image_toolkit_fluxcd_io_image_update_automation_v1beta2_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "image.toolkit.fluxcd.io"
description: |-
  ImageUpdateAutomation is the Schema for the imageupdateautomations API
---

# k8s_image_toolkit_fluxcd_io_image_update_automation_v1beta2_manifest (Data Source)

ImageUpdateAutomation is the Schema for the imageupdateautomations API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_image_toolkit_fluxcd_io_image_update_automation_v1beta2_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) ImageUpdateAutomationSpec defines the desired state of ImageUpdateAutomation (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `interval` (String) Interval gives an lower bound for how often the automationrun should be attempted.
- `source_ref` (Attributes) SourceRef refers to the resource giving access detailsto a git repository. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--source_ref))

Optional:

- `git` (Attributes) GitSpec contains all the git-specific definitions. This istechnically optional, but in practice mandatory until there areother kinds of source allowed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--git))
- `policy_selector` (Attributes) PolicySelector allows to filter applied policies based on labels.By default includes all policies in namespace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--policy_selector))
- `suspend` (Boolean) Suspend tells the controller to not run this automation, untilit is unset (or set to false). Defaults to false.
- `update` (Attributes) Update gives the specification for how to update the files inthe repository. This can be left empty, to use the defaultvalue. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--update))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--source_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.source_ref`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent.
- `name` (String) Name of the referent.

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent, defaults to the namespace of the Kubernetes resource object that contains the reference.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--git"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.git`

Required:

- `commit` (Attributes) Commit specifies how to commit to the git repository. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--git--commit))

Optional:

- `checkout` (Attributes) Checkout gives the parameters for cloning the git repository,ready to make changes. If not present, the 'spec.ref' field from thereferenced 'GitRepository' or its default will be used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--git--checkout))
- `push` (Attributes) Push specifies how and where to push commits made by theautomation. If missing, commits are pushed (back) to'.spec.checkout.branch' or its default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--git--push))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--git--commit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.git.commit`

Required:

- `author` (Attributes) Author gives the email and optionally the name to use as theauthor of commits. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--git--commit--author))

Optional:

- `message_template` (String) MessageTemplate provides a template for the commit message,into which will be interpolated the details of the change made.
- `signing_key` (Attributes) SigningKey provides the option to sign commits with a GPG key (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--git--commit--signing_key))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--git--commit--author"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.git.commit.author`

Required:

- `email` (String) Email gives the email to provide when making a commit.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name gives the name to provide when making a commit.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--git--commit--signing_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.git.commit.signing_key`

Required:

- `secret_ref` (Attributes) SecretRef holds the name to a secret that contains a 'git.asc' keycorresponding to the ASCII Armored file containing the GPG signingkeypair as the value. It must be in the same namespace as theImageUpdateAutomation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--git--commit--signing_key--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--git--commit--signing_key--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.git.commit.signing_key.secret_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--git--checkout"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.git.checkout`

Required:

- `ref` (Attributes) Reference gives a branch, tag or commit to clone from the Gitrepository. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--git--checkout--ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--git--checkout--ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.git.checkout.ref`

Optional:

- `branch` (String) Branch to check out, defaults to 'master' if no other field is defined.
- `commit` (String) Commit SHA to check out, takes precedence over all reference fields.This can be combined with Branch to shallow clone the branch, in whichthe commit is expected to exist.
- `name` (String) Name of the reference to check out; takes precedence over Branch, Tag and SemVer.It must be a valid Git reference: https://git-scm.com/docs/git-check-ref-format#_descriptionExamples: 'refs/heads/main', 'refs/tags/v0.1.0', 'refs/pull/420/head', 'refs/merge-requests/1/head'
- `semver` (String) SemVer tag expression to check out, takes precedence over Tag.
- `tag` (String) Tag to check out, takes precedence over Branch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--git--push"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.git.push`

Optional:

- `branch` (String) Branch specifies that commits should be pushed to the branchnamed. The branch is created using '.spec.checkout.branch' as thestarting point, if it doesn't already exist.
- `options` (Map of String) Options specifies the push options that are sent to the Gitserver when performing a push operation. For details, see:https://git-scm.com/docs/git-push#Documentation/git-push.txt---push-optionltoptiongt
- `refspec` (String) Refspec specifies the Git Refspec to use for a push operation.If both Branch and Refspec are provided, then the commit is pushedto the branch and also using the specified refspec.For more details about Git Refspecs, see:https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Internals-The-Refspec



<a id="nestedatt--spec--policy_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.policy_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--policy_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--policy_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.policy_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--update"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.update`

Required:

- `strategy` (String) Strategy names the strategy to be used.

Optional:

- `path` (String) Path to the directory containing the manifests to be updated.Defaults to 'None', which translates to the root pathof the GitRepositoryRef.
