---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_image_toolkit_fluxcd_io_image_repository_v1beta1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "image.toolkit.fluxcd.io"
description: |-
  ImageRepository is the Schema for the imagerepositories API
---

# k8s_image_toolkit_fluxcd_io_image_repository_v1beta1_manifest (Data Source)

ImageRepository is the Schema for the imagerepositories API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_image_toolkit_fluxcd_io_image_repository_v1beta1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) ImageRepositorySpec defines the parameters for scanning an imagerepository, e.g., 'fluxcd/flux'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `image` (String) Image is the name of the image repository
- `interval` (String) Interval is the length of time to wait betweenscans of the image repository.

Optional:

- `access_from` (Attributes) AccessFrom defines an ACL for allowing cross-namespace referencesto the ImageRepository object based on the caller's namespace labels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--access_from))
- `cert_secret_ref` (Attributes) CertSecretRef can be given the name of a secret containingeither or both of - a PEM-encoded client certificate ('certFile') and private key ('keyFile'); - a PEM-encoded CA certificate ('caFile') and whichever are supplied, will be used for connecting to the registry. The client cert and key are useful if you are authenticating with a certificate; the CA cert is useful if you are using a self-signed server certificate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cert_secret_ref))
- `exclusion_list` (List of String) ExclusionList is a list of regex strings used to exclude certain tagsfrom being stored in the database.
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) SecretRef can be given the name of a secret containingcredentials to use for the image registry. The secret should becreated with 'kubectl create secret docker-registry', or theequivalent. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--secret_ref))
- `service_account_name` (String) ServiceAccountName is the name of the Kubernetes ServiceAccount used to authenticatethe image pull if the service account has attached pull secrets.
- `suspend` (Boolean) This flag tells the controller to suspend subsequent image scans.It does not apply to already started scans. Defaults to false.
- `timeout` (String) Timeout for image scanning.Defaults to 'Interval' duration.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--access_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.access_from`

Required:

- `namespace_selectors` (Attributes List) NamespaceSelectors is the list of namespace selectors to which this ACL applies.Items in this list are evaluated using a logical OR operation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--access_from--namespace_selectors))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--access_from--namespace_selectors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.access_from.namespace_selectors`

Optional:

- `match_labels` (Map of String) MatchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--cert_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cert_secret_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.secret_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.
