---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_imageregistry_operator_openshift_io_config_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "imageregistry.operator.openshift.io"
description: |-
  Config is the configuration object for a registry instance managed by the registry operator  Compatibility level 1: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 12 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).
---

# k8s_imageregistry_operator_openshift_io_config_v1_manifest (Data Source)

Config is the configuration object for a registry instance managed by the registry operator  Compatibility level 1: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 12 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_imageregistry_operator_openshift_io_config_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) ImageRegistrySpec defines the specs for the running registry. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `replicas` (Number) replicas determines the number of registry instances to run.

Optional:

- `affinity` (Attributes) affinity is a group of node affinity scheduling rules for the image registry pod(s). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity))
- `default_route` (Boolean) defaultRoute indicates whether an external facing route for the registry should be created using the default generated hostname.
- `disable_redirect` (Boolean) disableRedirect controls whether to route all data through the Registry, rather than redirecting to the backend.
- `http_secret` (String) httpSecret is the value needed by the registry to secure uploads, generated by default.
- `log_level` (String) logLevel is an intent based logging for an overall component.  It does not give fine grained control, but it is a simple way to manage coarse grained logging choices that operators have to interpret for their operands.  Valid values are: 'Normal', 'Debug', 'Trace', 'TraceAll'. Defaults to 'Normal'.
- `logging` (Number) logging is deprecated, use logLevel instead.
- `management_state` (String) managementState indicates whether and how the operator should manage the component
- `node_selector` (Map of String) nodeSelector defines the node selection constraints for the registry pod.
- `observed_config` (Map of String) observedConfig holds a sparse config that controller has observed from the cluster state.  It exists in spec because it is an input to the level for the operator
- `operator_log_level` (String) operatorLogLevel is an intent based logging for the operator itself.  It does not give fine grained control, but it is a simple way to manage coarse grained logging choices that operators have to interpret for themselves.  Valid values are: 'Normal', 'Debug', 'Trace', 'TraceAll'. Defaults to 'Normal'.
- `proxy` (Attributes) proxy defines the proxy to be used when calling master api, upstream registries, etc. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--proxy))
- `read_only` (Boolean) readOnly indicates whether the registry instance should reject attempts to push new images or delete existing ones.
- `requests` (Attributes) requests controls how many parallel requests a given registry instance will handle before queuing additional requests. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--requests))
- `resources` (Attributes) resources defines the resource requests+limits for the registry pod. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources))
- `rollout_strategy` (String) rolloutStrategy defines rollout strategy for the image registry deployment.
- `routes` (Attributes List) routes defines additional external facing routes which should be created for the registry. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes))
- `storage` (Attributes) storage details for configuring registry storage, e.g. S3 bucket coordinates. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage))
- `tolerations` (Attributes List) tolerations defines the tolerations for the registry pod. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tolerations))
- `topology_spread_constraints` (Attributes List) topologySpreadConstraints specify how to spread matching pods among the given topology. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--topology_spread_constraints))
- `unsupported_config_overrides` (Map of String) unsupportedConfigOverrides overrides the final configuration that was computed by the operator. Red Hat does not support the use of this field. Misuse of this field could lead to unexpected behavior or conflict with other configuration options. Seek guidance from the Red Hat support before using this field. Use of this property blocks cluster upgrades, it must be removed before upgrading your cluster.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity`

Optional:

- `node_affinity` (Attributes) Describes node affinity scheduling rules for the pod. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity))
- `pod_affinity` (Attributes) Describes pod affinity scheduling rules (e.g. co-locate this pod in the same node, zone, etc. as some other pod(s)). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity))
- `pod_anti_affinity` (Attributes) Describes pod anti-affinity scheduling rules (e.g. avoid putting this pod in the same node, zone, etc. as some other pod(s)). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) The scheduler will prefer to schedule pods to nodes that satisfy the affinity expressions specified by this field, but it may choose a node that violates one or more of the expressions. The node that is most preferred is the one with the greatest sum of weights, i.e. for each node that meets all of the scheduling requirements (resource request, requiredDuringScheduling affinity expressions, etc.), compute a sum by iterating through the elements of this field and adding 'weight' to the sum if the node matches the corresponding matchExpressions; the node(s) with the highest sum are the most preferred. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes) If the affinity requirements specified by this field are not met at scheduling time, the pod will not be scheduled onto the node. If the affinity requirements specified by this field cease to be met at some point during pod execution (e.g. due to an update), the system may or may not try to eventually evict the pod from its node. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `preference` (Attributes) A node selector term, associated with the corresponding weight. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference))
- `weight` (Number) Weight associated with matching the corresponding nodeSelectorTerm, in the range 1-100.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.preference`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's labels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_expressions))
- `match_fields` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_fields))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.preference.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.preference.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `node_selector_terms` (Attributes List) Required. A list of node selector terms. The terms are ORed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's labels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_expressions))
- `match_fields` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_fields))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) The scheduler will prefer to schedule pods to nodes that satisfy the affinity expressions specified by this field, but it may choose a node that violates one or more of the expressions. The node that is most preferred is the one with the greatest sum of weights, i.e. for each node that meets all of the scheduling requirements (resource request, requiredDuringScheduling affinity expressions, etc.), compute a sum by iterating through the elements of this field and adding 'weight' to the sum if the node has pods which matches the corresponding podAffinityTerm; the node(s) with the highest sum are the most preferred. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) If the affinity requirements specified by this field are not met at scheduling time, the pod will not be scheduled onto the node. If the affinity requirements specified by this field cease to be met at some point during pod execution (e.g. due to a pod label update), the system may or may not try to eventually evict the pod from its node. When there are multiple elements, the lists of nodes corresponding to each podAffinityTerm are intersected, i.e. all terms must be satisfied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `pod_affinity_term` (Attributes) Required. A pod affinity term, associated with the corresponding weight. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term))
- `weight` (Number) weight associated with matching the corresponding podAffinityTerm, in the range 1-100.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matching the labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a node whose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of the selected pods is running. Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods. If it's null, this PodAffinityTerm matches with no Pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector))
- `match_label_keys` (List of String) MatchLabelKeys is a set of pod label keys to select which pods will be taken into consideration. The keys are used to lookup values from the incoming pod labels, those key-value labels are merged with 'LabelSelector' as 'key in (value)' to select the group of existing pods which pods will be taken into consideration for the incoming pod's pod (anti) affinity. Keys that don't exist in the incoming pod labels will be ignored. The default value is empty. The same key is forbidden to exist in both MatchLabelKeys and LabelSelector. Also, MatchLabelKeys cannot be set when LabelSelector isn't set. This is an alpha field and requires enabling MatchLabelKeysInPodAffinity feature gate.
- `mismatch_label_keys` (List of String) MismatchLabelKeys is a set of pod label keys to select which pods will be taken into consideration. The keys are used to lookup values from the incoming pod labels, those key-value labels are merged with 'LabelSelector' as 'key notin (value)' to select the group of existing pods which pods will be taken into consideration for the incoming pod's pod (anti) affinity. Keys that don't exist in the incoming pod labels will be ignored. The default value is empty. The same key is forbidden to exist in both MismatchLabelKeys and LabelSelector. Also, MismatchLabelKeys cannot be set when LabelSelector isn't set. This is an alpha field and requires enabling MatchLabelKeysInPodAffinity feature gate.
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) A label query over the set of namespaces that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces selected by this field and the ones listed in the namespaces field. null selector and null or empty namespaces list means 'this pod's namespace'. An empty selector ({}) matches all namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies a static list of namespace names that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces listed in this field and the ones selected by namespaceSelector. null or empty namespaces list and null namespaceSelector means 'this pod's namespace'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespaces--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespaces--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespaces.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespaces--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespaces--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespaces.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matching the labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a node whose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of the selected pods is running. Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods. If it's null, this PodAffinityTerm matches with no Pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector))
- `match_label_keys` (List of String) MatchLabelKeys is a set of pod label keys to select which pods will be taken into consideration. The keys are used to lookup values from the incoming pod labels, those key-value labels are merged with 'LabelSelector' as 'key in (value)' to select the group of existing pods which pods will be taken into consideration for the incoming pod's pod (anti) affinity. Keys that don't exist in the incoming pod labels will be ignored. The default value is empty. The same key is forbidden to exist in both MatchLabelKeys and LabelSelector. Also, MatchLabelKeys cannot be set when LabelSelector isn't set. This is an alpha field and requires enabling MatchLabelKeysInPodAffinity feature gate.
- `mismatch_label_keys` (List of String) MismatchLabelKeys is a set of pod label keys to select which pods will be taken into consideration. The keys are used to lookup values from the incoming pod labels, those key-value labels are merged with 'LabelSelector' as 'key notin (value)' to select the group of existing pods which pods will be taken into consideration for the incoming pod's pod (anti) affinity. Keys that don't exist in the incoming pod labels will be ignored. The default value is empty. The same key is forbidden to exist in both MismatchLabelKeys and LabelSelector. Also, MismatchLabelKeys cannot be set when LabelSelector isn't set. This is an alpha field and requires enabling MatchLabelKeysInPodAffinity feature gate.
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) A label query over the set of namespaces that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces selected by this field and the ones listed in the namespaces field. null selector and null or empty namespaces list means 'this pod's namespace'. An empty selector ({}) matches all namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies a static list of namespace names that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces listed in this field and the ones selected by namespaceSelector. null or empty namespaces list and null namespaceSelector means 'this pod's namespace'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) The scheduler will prefer to schedule pods to nodes that satisfy the anti-affinity expressions specified by this field, but it may choose a node that violates one or more of the expressions. The node that is most preferred is the one with the greatest sum of weights, i.e. for each node that meets all of the scheduling requirements (resource request, requiredDuringScheduling anti-affinity expressions, etc.), compute a sum by iterating through the elements of this field and adding 'weight' to the sum if the node has pods which matches the corresponding podAffinityTerm; the node(s) with the highest sum are the most preferred. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) If the anti-affinity requirements specified by this field are not met at scheduling time, the pod will not be scheduled onto the node. If the anti-affinity requirements specified by this field cease to be met at some point during pod execution (e.g. due to a pod label update), the system may or may not try to eventually evict the pod from its node. When there are multiple elements, the lists of nodes corresponding to each podAffinityTerm are intersected, i.e. all terms must be satisfied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `pod_affinity_term` (Attributes) Required. A pod affinity term, associated with the corresponding weight. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term))
- `weight` (Number) weight associated with matching the corresponding podAffinityTerm, in the range 1-100.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matching the labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a node whose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of the selected pods is running. Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods. If it's null, this PodAffinityTerm matches with no Pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector))
- `match_label_keys` (List of String) MatchLabelKeys is a set of pod label keys to select which pods will be taken into consideration. The keys are used to lookup values from the incoming pod labels, those key-value labels are merged with 'LabelSelector' as 'key in (value)' to select the group of existing pods which pods will be taken into consideration for the incoming pod's pod (anti) affinity. Keys that don't exist in the incoming pod labels will be ignored. The default value is empty. The same key is forbidden to exist in both MatchLabelKeys and LabelSelector. Also, MatchLabelKeys cannot be set when LabelSelector isn't set. This is an alpha field and requires enabling MatchLabelKeysInPodAffinity feature gate.
- `mismatch_label_keys` (List of String) MismatchLabelKeys is a set of pod label keys to select which pods will be taken into consideration. The keys are used to lookup values from the incoming pod labels, those key-value labels are merged with 'LabelSelector' as 'key notin (value)' to select the group of existing pods which pods will be taken into consideration for the incoming pod's pod (anti) affinity. Keys that don't exist in the incoming pod labels will be ignored. The default value is empty. The same key is forbidden to exist in both MismatchLabelKeys and LabelSelector. Also, MismatchLabelKeys cannot be set when LabelSelector isn't set. This is an alpha field and requires enabling MatchLabelKeysInPodAffinity feature gate.
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) A label query over the set of namespaces that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces selected by this field and the ones listed in the namespaces field. null selector and null or empty namespaces list means 'this pod's namespace'. An empty selector ({}) matches all namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies a static list of namespace names that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces listed in this field and the ones selected by namespaceSelector. null or empty namespaces list and null namespaceSelector means 'this pod's namespace'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespaces--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespaces--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespaces.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespaces--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespaces--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespaces.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matching the labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a node whose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of the selected pods is running. Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods. If it's null, this PodAffinityTerm matches with no Pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector))
- `match_label_keys` (List of String) MatchLabelKeys is a set of pod label keys to select which pods will be taken into consideration. The keys are used to lookup values from the incoming pod labels, those key-value labels are merged with 'LabelSelector' as 'key in (value)' to select the group of existing pods which pods will be taken into consideration for the incoming pod's pod (anti) affinity. Keys that don't exist in the incoming pod labels will be ignored. The default value is empty. The same key is forbidden to exist in both MatchLabelKeys and LabelSelector. Also, MatchLabelKeys cannot be set when LabelSelector isn't set. This is an alpha field and requires enabling MatchLabelKeysInPodAffinity feature gate.
- `mismatch_label_keys` (List of String) MismatchLabelKeys is a set of pod label keys to select which pods will be taken into consideration. The keys are used to lookup values from the incoming pod labels, those key-value labels are merged with 'LabelSelector' as 'key notin (value)' to select the group of existing pods which pods will be taken into consideration for the incoming pod's pod (anti) affinity. Keys that don't exist in the incoming pod labels will be ignored. The default value is empty. The same key is forbidden to exist in both MismatchLabelKeys and LabelSelector. Also, MismatchLabelKeys cannot be set when LabelSelector isn't set. This is an alpha field and requires enabling MatchLabelKeysInPodAffinity feature gate.
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) A label query over the set of namespaces that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces selected by this field and the ones listed in the namespaces field. null selector and null or empty namespaces list means 'this pod's namespace'. An empty selector ({}) matches all namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies a static list of namespace names that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces listed in this field and the ones selected by namespaceSelector. null or empty namespaces list and null namespaceSelector means 'this pod's namespace'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.






<a id="nestedatt--spec--proxy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.proxy`

Optional:

- `http` (String) http defines the proxy to be used by the image registry when accessing HTTP endpoints.
- `https` (String) https defines the proxy to be used by the image registry when accessing HTTPS endpoints.
- `no_proxy` (String) noProxy defines a comma-separated list of host names that shouldn't go through any proxy.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--requests"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.requests`

Optional:

- `read` (Attributes) read defines limits for image registry's reads. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--requests--read))
- `write` (Attributes) write defines limits for image registry's writes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--requests--write))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--requests--read"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.requests.read`

Optional:

- `max_in_queue` (Number) maxInQueue sets the maximum queued api requests to the registry.
- `max_running` (Number) maxRunning sets the maximum in flight api requests to the registry.
- `max_wait_in_queue` (String) maxWaitInQueue sets the maximum time a request can wait in the queue before being rejected.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--requests--write"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.requests.write`

Optional:

- `max_in_queue` (Number) maxInQueue sets the maximum queued api requests to the registry.
- `max_running` (Number) maxRunning sets the maximum in flight api requests to the registry.
- `max_wait_in_queue` (String) maxWaitInQueue sets the maximum time a request can wait in the queue before being rejected.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims, that are used by this container.  This is an alpha field and requires enabling the DynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.  This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources.claims`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims of the Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource available inside a container.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes`

Required:

- `name` (String) name of the route to be created.

Optional:

- `hostname` (String) hostname for the route.
- `secret_name` (String) secretName points to secret containing the certificates to be used by the route.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage`

Optional:

- `azure` (Attributes) azure represents configuration that uses Azure Blob Storage. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--azure))
- `empty_dir` (Map of String) emptyDir represents ephemeral storage on the pod's host node. WARNING: this storage cannot be used with more than 1 replica and is not suitable for production use. When the pod is removed from a node for any reason, the data in the emptyDir is deleted forever.
- `gcs` (Attributes) gcs represents configuration that uses Google Cloud Storage. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--gcs))
- `ibmcos` (Attributes) ibmcos represents configuration that uses IBM Cloud Object Storage. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--ibmcos))
- `management_state` (String) managementState indicates if the operator manages the underlying storage unit. If Managed the operator will remove the storage when this operator gets Removed.
- `oss` (Attributes) Oss represents configuration that uses Alibaba Cloud Object Storage Service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--oss))
- `pvc` (Attributes) pvc represents configuration that uses a PersistentVolumeClaim. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--pvc))
- `s3` (Attributes) s3 represents configuration that uses Amazon Simple Storage Service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--s3))
- `swift` (Attributes) swift represents configuration that uses OpenStack Object Storage. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--swift))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--azure"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.azure`

Optional:

- `account_name` (String) accountName defines the account to be used by the registry.
- `cloud_name` (String) cloudName is the name of the Azure cloud environment to be used by the registry. If empty, the operator will set it based on the infrastructure object.
- `container` (String) container defines Azure's container to be used by registry.
- `network_access` (Attributes) networkAccess defines the network access properties for the storage account. Defaults to type: External. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--azure--network_access))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--azure--network_access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.azure.network_access`

Optional:

- `internal` (Attributes) internal defines the vnet and subnet names to configure a private endpoint and connect it to the storage account in order to make it private. when type: Internal and internal is unset, the image registry operator will discover vnet and subnet names, and generate a private endpoint name. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--azure--network_access--internal))
- `type` (String) type is the network access level to be used for the storage account. type: Internal means the storage account will be private, type: External means the storage account will be publicly accessible. Internal storage accounts are only exposed within the cluster's vnet. External storage accounts are publicly exposed on the internet. When type: Internal is used, a vnetName, subNetName and privateEndpointName may optionally be specified. If unspecificed, the image registry operator will discover vnet and subnet names, and generate a privateEndpointName. Defaults to 'External'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--azure--network_access--internal"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.azure.network_access.internal`

Optional:

- `network_resource_group_name` (String) networkResourceGroupName is the resource group name where the cluster's vnet and subnet are. When omitted, the registry operator will use the cluster resource group (from in the infrastructure status). If you set a networkResourceGroupName on your install-config.yaml, that value will be used automatically (for clusters configured with publish:Internal). Note that both vnet and subnet must be in the same resource group. It must be between 1 and 90 characters in length and must consist only of alphanumeric characters, hyphens (-), periods (.) and underscores (_), and not end with a period.
- `private_endpoint_name` (String) privateEndpointName is the name of the private endpoint for the registry. When provided, the registry will use it as the name of the private endpoint it will create for the storage account. When omitted, the registry will generate one. It must be between 2 and 64 characters in length and must consist only of alphanumeric characters, hyphens (-), periods (.) and underscores (_). It must start with an alphanumeric character and end with an alphanumeric character or an underscore.
- `subnet_name` (String) subnetName is the name of the subnet the registry operates in. When omitted, the registry operator will discover and set this by using the 'kubernetes.io_cluster.<cluster-id>' tag in the vnet resource, then using one of listed subnets. Advanced cluster network configurations that use network security groups to protect subnets should ensure the provided subnetName has access to Azure Storage service. It must be between 1 and 80 characters in length and must consist only of alphanumeric characters, hyphens (-), periods (.) and underscores (_).
- `vnet_name` (String) vnetName is the name of the vnet the registry operates in. When omitted, the registry operator will discover and set this by using the 'kubernetes.io_cluster.<cluster-id>' tag in the vnet resource. This tag is set automatically by the installer. Commonly, this will be the same vnet as the cluster. Advanced cluster network configurations should ensure the provided vnetName is the vnet of the nodes where the image registry pods are running from. It must be between 2 and 64 characters in length and must consist only of alphanumeric characters, hyphens (-), periods (.) and underscores (_). It must start with an alphanumeric character and end with an alphanumeric character or an underscore.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--gcs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.gcs`

Optional:

- `bucket` (String) bucket is the bucket name in which you want to store the registry's data. Optional, will be generated if not provided.
- `key_id` (String) keyID is the KMS key ID to use for encryption. Optional, buckets are encrypted by default on GCP. This allows for the use of a custom encryption key.
- `project_id` (String) projectID is the Project ID of the GCP project that this bucket should be associated with.
- `region` (String) region is the GCS location in which your bucket exists. Optional, will be set based on the installed GCS Region.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--ibmcos"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.ibmcos`

Optional:

- `bucket` (String) bucket is the bucket name in which you want to store the registry's data. Optional, will be generated if not provided.
- `location` (String) location is the IBM Cloud location in which your bucket exists. Optional, will be set based on the installed IBM Cloud location.
- `resource_group_name` (String) resourceGroupName is the name of the IBM Cloud resource group that this bucket and its service instance is associated with. Optional, will be set based on the installed IBM Cloud resource group.
- `resource_key_crn` (String) resourceKeyCRN is the CRN of the IBM Cloud resource key that is created for the service instance. Commonly referred as a service credential and must contain HMAC type credentials. Optional, will be computed if not provided.
- `service_instance_crn` (String) serviceInstanceCRN is the CRN of the IBM Cloud Object Storage service instance that this bucket is associated with. Optional, will be computed if not provided.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--oss"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.oss`

Optional:

- `bucket` (String) Bucket is the bucket name in which you want to store the registry's data. About Bucket naming, more details you can look at the [official documentation](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/257087.htm) Empty value means no opinion and the platform chooses the a default, which is subject to change over time. Currently the default will be autogenerated in the form of <clusterid>-image-registry-<region>-<random string 27 chars>
- `encryption` (Attributes) Encryption specifies whether you would like your data encrypted on the server side. More details, you can look cat the [official documentation](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/117914.htm) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--oss--encryption))
- `endpoint_accessibility` (String) EndpointAccessibility specifies whether the registry use the OSS VPC internal endpoint Empty value means no opinion and the platform chooses the a default, which is subject to change over time. Currently the default is 'Internal'.
- `region` (String) Region is the Alibaba Cloud Region in which your bucket exists. For a list of regions, you can look at the [official documentation](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/31837.html). Empty value means no opinion and the platform chooses the a default, which is subject to change over time. Currently the default will be based on the installed Alibaba Cloud Region.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--oss--encryption"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.oss.encryption`

Optional:

- `kms` (Attributes) KMS (key management service) is an encryption type that holds the struct for KMS KeyID (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--oss--region--kms))
- `method` (String) Method defines the different encrytion modes available Empty value means no opinion and the platform chooses the a default, which is subject to change over time. Currently the default is 'AES256'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--oss--region--kms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.oss.region.kms`

Required:

- `key_id` (String) KeyID holds the KMS encryption key ID




<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--pvc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.pvc`

Optional:

- `claim` (String) claim defines the Persisent Volume Claim's name to be used.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--s3"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.s3`

Optional:

- `bucket` (String) bucket is the bucket name in which you want to store the registry's data. Optional, will be generated if not provided.
- `cloud_front` (Attributes) cloudFront configures Amazon Cloudfront as the storage middleware in a registry. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--s3--cloud_front))
- `encrypt` (Boolean) encrypt specifies whether the registry stores the image in encrypted format or not. Optional, defaults to false.
- `key_id` (String) keyID is the KMS key ID to use for encryption. Optional, Encrypt must be true, or this parameter is ignored.
- `region` (String) region is the AWS region in which your bucket exists. Optional, will be set based on the installed AWS Region.
- `region_endpoint` (String) regionEndpoint is the endpoint for S3 compatible storage services. It should be a valid URL with scheme, e.g. https://s3.example.com. Optional, defaults based on the Region that is provided.
- `trusted_ca` (Attributes) trustedCA is a reference to a config map containing a CA bundle. The image registry and its operator use certificates from this bundle to verify S3 server certificates.  The namespace for the config map referenced by trustedCA is 'openshift-config'. The key for the bundle in the config map is 'ca-bundle.crt'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--s3--trusted_ca))
- `virtual_hosted_style` (Boolean) virtualHostedStyle enables using S3 virtual hosted style bucket paths with a custom RegionEndpoint Optional, defaults to false.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--s3--cloud_front"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.s3.cloud_front`

Required:

- `base_url` (String) baseURL contains the SCHEME://HOST[/PATH] at which Cloudfront is served.
- `keypair_id` (String) keypairID is key pair ID provided by AWS.
- `private_key` (Attributes) privateKey points to secret containing the private key, provided by AWS. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--s3--virtual_hosted_style--private_key))

Optional:

- `duration` (String) duration is the duration of the Cloudfront session.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--s3--virtual_hosted_style--private_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.s3.virtual_hosted_style.private_key`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined



<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--s3--trusted_ca"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.s3.trusted_ca`

Optional:

- `name` (String) name is the metadata.name of the referenced config map. This field must adhere to standard config map naming restrictions. The name must consist solely of alphanumeric characters, hyphens (-) and periods (.). It has a maximum length of 253 characters. If this field is not specified or is empty string, the default trust bundle will be used.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--swift"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.swift`

Optional:

- `auth_url` (String) authURL defines the URL for obtaining an authentication token.
- `auth_version` (String) authVersion specifies the OpenStack Auth's version.
- `container` (String) container defines the name of Swift container where to store the registry's data.
- `domain` (String) domain specifies Openstack's domain name for Identity v3 API.
- `domain_id` (String) domainID specifies Openstack's domain id for Identity v3 API.
- `region_name` (String) regionName defines Openstack's region in which container exists.
- `tenant` (String) tenant defines Openstack tenant name to be used by registry.
- `tenant_id` (String) tenant defines Openstack tenant id to be used by registry.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--tolerations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tolerations`

Optional:

- `effect` (String) Effect indicates the taint effect to match. Empty means match all taint effects. When specified, allowed values are NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Key is the taint key that the toleration applies to. Empty means match all taint keys. If the key is empty, operator must be Exists; this combination means to match all values and all keys.
- `operator` (String) Operator represents a key's relationship to the value. Valid operators are Exists and Equal. Defaults to Equal. Exists is equivalent to wildcard for value, so that a pod can tolerate all taints of a particular category.
- `toleration_seconds` (Number) TolerationSeconds represents the period of time the toleration (which must be of effect NoExecute, otherwise this field is ignored) tolerates the taint. By default, it is not set, which means tolerate the taint forever (do not evict). Zero and negative values will be treated as 0 (evict immediately) by the system.
- `value` (String) Value is the taint value the toleration matches to. If the operator is Exists, the value should be empty, otherwise just a regular string.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--topology_spread_constraints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.topology_spread_constraints`

Required:

- `max_skew` (Number) MaxSkew describes the degree to which pods may be unevenly distributed. When 'whenUnsatisfiable=DoNotSchedule', it is the maximum permitted difference between the number of matching pods in the target topology and the global minimum. The global minimum is the minimum number of matching pods in an eligible domain or zero if the number of eligible domains is less than MinDomains. For example, in a 3-zone cluster, MaxSkew is set to 1, and pods with the same labelSelector spread as 2/2/1: In this case, the global minimum is 1. | zone1 | zone2 | zone3 | |  P P  |  P P  |   P   | - if MaxSkew is 1, incoming pod can only be scheduled to zone3 to become 2/2/2; scheduling it onto zone1(zone2) would make the ActualSkew(3-1) on zone1(zone2) violate MaxSkew(1). - if MaxSkew is 2, incoming pod can be scheduled onto any zone. When 'whenUnsatisfiable=ScheduleAnyway', it is used to give higher precedence to topologies that satisfy it. It's a required field. Default value is 1 and 0 is not allowed.
- `topology_key` (String) TopologyKey is the key of node labels. Nodes that have a label with this key and identical values are considered to be in the same topology. We consider each <key, value> as a 'bucket', and try to put balanced number of pods into each bucket. We define a domain as a particular instance of a topology. Also, we define an eligible domain as a domain whose nodes meet the requirements of nodeAffinityPolicy and nodeTaintsPolicy. e.g. If TopologyKey is 'kubernetes.io/hostname', each Node is a domain of that topology. And, if TopologyKey is 'topology.kubernetes.io/zone', each zone is a domain of that topology. It's a required field.
- `when_unsatisfiable` (String) WhenUnsatisfiable indicates how to deal with a pod if it doesn't satisfy the spread constraint. - DoNotSchedule (default) tells the scheduler not to schedule it. - ScheduleAnyway tells the scheduler to schedule the pod in any location, but giving higher precedence to topologies that would help reduce the skew. A constraint is considered 'Unsatisfiable' for an incoming pod if and only if every possible node assignment for that pod would violate 'MaxSkew' on some topology. For example, in a 3-zone cluster, MaxSkew is set to 1, and pods with the same labelSelector spread as 3/1/1: | zone1 | zone2 | zone3 | | P P P |   P   |   P   | If WhenUnsatisfiable is set to DoNotSchedule, incoming pod can only be scheduled to zone2(zone3) to become 3/2/1(3/1/2) as ActualSkew(2-1) on zone2(zone3) satisfies MaxSkew(1). In other words, the cluster can still be imbalanced, but scheduler won't make it *more* imbalanced. It's a required field.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) LabelSelector is used to find matching pods. Pods that match this label selector are counted to determine the number of pods in their corresponding topology domain. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--topology_spread_constraints--label_selector))
- `match_label_keys` (List of String) MatchLabelKeys is a set of pod label keys to select the pods over which spreading will be calculated. The keys are used to lookup values from the incoming pod labels, those key-value labels are ANDed with labelSelector to select the group of existing pods over which spreading will be calculated for the incoming pod. The same key is forbidden to exist in both MatchLabelKeys and LabelSelector. MatchLabelKeys cannot be set when LabelSelector isn't set. Keys that don't exist in the incoming pod labels will be ignored. A null or empty list means only match against labelSelector.  This is a beta field and requires the MatchLabelKeysInPodTopologySpread feature gate to be enabled (enabled by default).
- `min_domains` (Number) MinDomains indicates a minimum number of eligible domains. When the number of eligible domains with matching topology keys is less than minDomains, Pod Topology Spread treats 'global minimum' as 0, and then the calculation of Skew is performed. And when the number of eligible domains with matching topology keys equals or greater than minDomains, this value has no effect on scheduling. As a result, when the number of eligible domains is less than minDomains, scheduler won't schedule more than maxSkew Pods to those domains. If value is nil, the constraint behaves as if MinDomains is equal to 1. Valid values are integers greater than 0. When value is not nil, WhenUnsatisfiable must be DoNotSchedule.  For example, in a 3-zone cluster, MaxSkew is set to 2, MinDomains is set to 5 and pods with the same labelSelector spread as 2/2/2: | zone1 | zone2 | zone3 | |  P P  |  P P  |  P P  | The number of domains is less than 5(MinDomains), so 'global minimum' is treated as 0. In this situation, new pod with the same labelSelector cannot be scheduled, because computed skew will be 3(3 - 0) if new Pod is scheduled to any of the three zones, it will violate MaxSkew.  This is a beta field and requires the MinDomainsInPodTopologySpread feature gate to be enabled (enabled by default).
- `node_affinity_policy` (String) NodeAffinityPolicy indicates how we will treat Pod's nodeAffinity/nodeSelector when calculating pod topology spread skew. Options are: - Honor: only nodes matching nodeAffinity/nodeSelector are included in the calculations. - Ignore: nodeAffinity/nodeSelector are ignored. All nodes are included in the calculations.  If this value is nil, the behavior is equivalent to the Honor policy. This is a beta-level feature default enabled by the NodeInclusionPolicyInPodTopologySpread feature flag.
- `node_taints_policy` (String) NodeTaintsPolicy indicates how we will treat node taints when calculating pod topology spread skew. Options are: - Honor: nodes without taints, along with tainted nodes for which the incoming pod has a toleration, are included. - Ignore: node taints are ignored. All nodes are included.  If this value is nil, the behavior is equivalent to the Ignore policy. This is a beta-level feature default enabled by the NodeInclusionPolicyInPodTopologySpread feature flag.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--topology_spread_constraints--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.topology_spread_constraints.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--topology_spread_constraints--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--topology_spread_constraints--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.topology_spread_constraints.label_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.
