---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_infrastructure_cluster_x_k8s_io_ibm_power_vs_cluster_template_v1beta1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "infrastructure.cluster.x-k8s.io"
description: |-
  IBMPowerVSClusterTemplate is the schema for IBM Power VS Kubernetes Cluster Templates.
---

# k8s_infrastructure_cluster_x_k8s_io_ibm_power_vs_cluster_template_v1beta1_manifest (Data Source)

IBMPowerVSClusterTemplate is the schema for IBM Power VS Kubernetes Cluster Templates.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_infrastructure_cluster_x_k8s_io_ibm_power_vs_cluster_template_v1beta1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) IBMPowerVSClusterTemplateSpec defines the desired state of IBMPowerVSClusterTemplate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `template` (Attributes) IBMPowerVSClusterTemplateResource describes the data needed to create an IBMPowerVSCluster from a template. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template`

Required:

- `spec` (Attributes) IBMPowerVSClusterSpec defines the desired state of IBMPowerVSCluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec))

Optional:

- `metadata` (Attributes) Standard object's metadata. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--metadata))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec`

Required:

- `network` (Attributes) Network is the reference to the Network to use for this cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec--network))
- `service_instance_id` (String) ServiceInstanceID is the id of the power cloud instance where the vsi instance will get deployed.

Optional:

- `control_plane_endpoint` (Attributes) ControlPlaneEndpoint represents the endpoint used to communicate with the control plane. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec--control_plane_endpoint))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.network`

Optional:

- `id` (String) ID of resource
- `name` (String) Name of resource
- `regex` (String) Regular expression to match resource, In case of multiple resources matches the provided regular expression the first matched resource will be selected


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec--control_plane_endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.control_plane_endpoint`

Required:

- `host` (String) The hostname on which the API server is serving.
- `port` (Number) The port on which the API server is serving.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata. They are not queryable and should be preserved when modifying objects. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/annotations
- `labels` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize (scope and select) objects. May match selectors of replication controllers and services. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/labels
