---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_infrastructure_cluster_x_k8s_io_v_sphere_deployment_zone_v1alpha3 Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "infrastructure.cluster.x-k8s.io"
description: |-
  VSphereDeploymentZone is the Schema for the vspheredeploymentzones API  Deprecated: This type will be removed in one of the next releases.
---

# k8s_infrastructure_cluster_x_k8s_io_v_sphere_deployment_zone_v1alpha3 (Data Source)

VSphereDeploymentZone is the Schema for the vspheredeploymentzones API  Deprecated: This type will be removed in one of the next releases.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_infrastructure_cluster_x_k8s_io_v_sphere_deployment_zone_v1alpha3" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) The API group of the requested resource.
- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.
- `kind` (String) The type of the requested resource.
- `spec` (Attributes) VSphereDeploymentZoneSpec defines the desired state of VSphereDeploymentZone (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Read-Only:

- `control_plane` (Boolean) ControlPlane determines if this failure domain is suitable for use by control plane machines.
- `failure_domain` (String) failureDomain is the name of the VSphereFailureDomain used for this VSphereDeploymentZone
- `placement_constraint` (Attributes) PlacementConstraint encapsulates the placement constraints used within this deployment zone. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--placement_constraint))
- `server` (String) Server is the address of the vSphere endpoint.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--placement_constraint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.placement_constraint`

Read-Only:

- `folder` (String) Folder is the name or inventory path of the folder in which the virtual machine is created/located.
- `resource_pool` (String) ResourcePool is the name or inventory path of the resource pool in which the virtual machine is created/located.
