---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_infrastructure_cluster_x_k8s_io_kubevirt_cluster_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "infrastructure.cluster.x-k8s.io"
description: |-
  KubevirtCluster is the Schema for the kubevirtclusters API.
---

# k8s_infrastructure_cluster_x_k8s_io_kubevirt_cluster_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

KubevirtCluster is the Schema for the kubevirtclusters API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_infrastructure_cluster_x_k8s_io_kubevirt_cluster_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) KubevirtClusterSpec defines the desired state of KubevirtCluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `control_plane_endpoint` (Attributes) ControlPlaneEndpoint represents the endpoint used to communicate with the control plane. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--control_plane_endpoint))
- `control_plane_service_template` (Attributes) ControlPlaneServiceTemplate can be used to modify service that fronts the control plane nodes to handle the api-server traffic (port 6443). This field is optional, by default control plane nodes will use a service of type ClusterIP, which will make workload cluster only accessible within the same cluster. Note, this does not aim to expose the entire Service spec to users, but only provides capability to modify the service metadata and the service type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--control_plane_service_template))
- `infra_cluster_secret_ref` (Attributes) InfraClusterSecretRef is a reference to a secret with a kubeconfig for external cluster used for infra. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--infra_cluster_secret_ref))
- `ssh_keys` (Attributes) SSHKeys is a reference to a local struct for SSH keys persistence. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ssh_keys))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--control_plane_endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.control_plane_endpoint`

Required:

- `host` (String) Host is the hostname on which the API server is serving.
- `port` (Number) Port is the port on which the API server is serving.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--control_plane_service_template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.control_plane_service_template`

Optional:

- `metadata` (Map of String) Service metadata allows to set labels, annotations and namespace for the service. When infraClusterSecretRef is used, ControlPlaneService take the kubeconfig namespace by default if metadata.namespace is not specified. This field is optional.
- `spec` (Attributes) Service specification allows to override some fields in the service spec. Note, it does not aim cover all fields of the service spec. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--control_plane_service_template--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--control_plane_service_template--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.control_plane_service_template.spec`

Optional:

- `type` (String) Type determines how the Service is exposed. Defaults to ClusterIP. Valid options are ExternalName, ClusterIP, NodePort, and LoadBalancer. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#publishing-services-service-types



<a id="nestedatt--spec--infra_cluster_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.infra_cluster_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.
- `field_path` (String) If referring to a piece of an object instead of an entire object, this string should contain a valid JSON/Go field access statement, such as desiredState.manifest.containers[2]. For example, if the object reference is to a container within a pod, this would take on a value like: 'spec.containers{name}' (where 'name' refers to the name of the container that triggered the event) or if no container name is specified 'spec.containers[2]' (container with index 2 in this pod). This syntax is chosen only to have some well-defined way of referencing a part of an object. TODO: this design is not final and this field is subject to change in the future.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/
- `resource_version` (String) Specific resourceVersion to which this reference is made, if any. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `uid` (String) UID of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#uids


<a id="nestedatt--spec--ssh_keys"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ssh_keys`

Optional:

- `config_ref` (Attributes) ConfigRef is a reference to a resource containing the keys. The reference is optional to allow users/operators to specify Bootstrap.DataSecretName without the need of a controller. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ssh_keys--config_ref))
- `data_secret_name` (String) DataSecretName is the name of the secret that stores ssh keys.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--ssh_keys--config_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ssh_keys.config_ref`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.
- `field_path` (String) If referring to a piece of an object instead of an entire object, this string should contain a valid JSON/Go field access statement, such as desiredState.manifest.containers[2]. For example, if the object reference is to a container within a pod, this would take on a value like: 'spec.containers{name}' (where 'name' refers to the name of the container that triggered the event) or if no container name is specified 'spec.containers[2]' (container with index 2 in this pod). This syntax is chosen only to have some well-defined way of referencing a part of an object. TODO: this design is not final and this field is subject to change in the future.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/
- `resource_version` (String) Specific resourceVersion to which this reference is made, if any. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `uid` (String) UID of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#uids
