---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_infrastructure_cluster_x_k8s_io_ibm_power_vs_image_v1beta1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "infrastructure.cluster.x-k8s.io"
description: |-
  IBMPowerVSImage is the Schema for the ibmpowervsimages API.
---

# k8s_infrastructure_cluster_x_k8s_io_ibm_power_vs_image_v1beta1_manifest (Data Source)

IBMPowerVSImage is the Schema for the ibmpowervsimages API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_infrastructure_cluster_x_k8s_io_ibm_power_vs_image_v1beta1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) IBMPowerVSImageSpec defines the desired state of IBMPowerVSImage. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `bucket` (String) Cloud Object Storage bucket name; bucket-name[/optional/folder]
- `cluster_name` (String) ClusterName is the name of the Cluster this object belongs to.
- `object` (String) Cloud Object Storage image filename.
- `region` (String) Cloud Object Storage region.
- `service_instance_id` (String) ServiceInstanceID is the id of the power cloud instance where the image will get imported.

Optional:

- `delete_policy` (String) DeletePolicy defines the policy used to identify images to be preserved beyond the lifecycle of associated cluster.
- `storage_type` (String) Type of storage, storage pool with the most available space will be selected.
