---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_infrastructure_cluster_x_k8s_io_v_sphere_cluster_v1alpha3_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "infrastructure.cluster.x-k8s.io"
description: |-
  VSphereCluster is the Schema for the vsphereclusters API Deprecated: This type will be removed in one of the next releases.
---

# k8s_infrastructure_cluster_x_k8s_io_v_sphere_cluster_v1alpha3_manifest (Data Source)

VSphereCluster is the Schema for the vsphereclusters API Deprecated: This type will be removed in one of the next releases.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_infrastructure_cluster_x_k8s_io_v_sphere_cluster_v1alpha3_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) VSphereClusterSpec defines the desired state of VSphereCluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `cloud_provider_configuration` (Attributes) CloudProviderConfiguration holds the cluster-wide configuration for the vSphere cloud provider. Deprecated: will be removed in v1alpha4. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cloud_provider_configuration))
- `control_plane_endpoint` (Attributes) ControlPlaneEndpoint represents the endpoint used to communicate with the control plane. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--control_plane_endpoint))
- `identity_ref` (Attributes) IdentityRef is a reference to either a Secret or VSphereClusterIdentity that contains the identity to use when reconciling the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--identity_ref))
- `insecure` (Boolean) Insecure is a flag that controls whether to validate the vSphere server's certificate. Deprecated: will be removed in v1alpha4.
- `load_balancer_ref` (Attributes) LoadBalancerRef may be used to enable a control plane load balancer for this cluster. When a LoadBalancerRef is provided, the VSphereCluster.Status.Ready field will not be true until the referenced resource is Status.Ready and has a non-empty Status.Address value. Deprecated: will be removed in v1alpha4. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--load_balancer_ref))
- `server` (String) Server is the address of the vSphere endpoint.
- `thumbprint` (String) Thumbprint is the colon-separated SHA-1 checksum of the given vCenter server's host certificate When provided, Insecure should not be set to true

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cloud_provider_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cloud_provider_configuration`

Optional:

- `disk` (Attributes) Disk is the vSphere cloud provider's disk configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cloud_provider_configuration--disk))
- `global` (Attributes) Global is the vSphere cloud provider's global configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cloud_provider_configuration--global))
- `labels` (Attributes) Labels is the vSphere cloud provider's zone and region configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cloud_provider_configuration--labels))
- `network` (Attributes) Network is the vSphere cloud provider's network configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cloud_provider_configuration--network))
- `provider_config` (Attributes) CPIProviderConfig contains extra information used to configure the vSphere cloud provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cloud_provider_configuration--provider_config))
- `virtual_center` (Attributes) VCenter is a list of vCenter configurations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cloud_provider_configuration--virtual_center))
- `workspace` (Attributes) Workspace is the vSphere cloud provider's workspace configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cloud_provider_configuration--workspace))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cloud_provider_configuration--disk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cloud_provider_configuration.disk`

Optional:

- `scsi_controller_type` (String) SCSIControllerType defines SCSI controller to be used.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--cloud_provider_configuration--global"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cloud_provider_configuration.global`

Optional:

- `api_bind_port` (String) APIBindPort configures the vSphere cloud controller manager API port. Defaults to 43001.
- `api_disable` (Boolean) APIDisable disables the vSphere cloud controller manager API. Defaults to true.
- `ca_file` (String) CAFile Specifies the path to a CA certificate in PEM format. If not configured, the system's CA certificates will be used.
- `datacenters` (String) Datacenters is a CSV string of the datacenters in which VMs are located.
- `insecure` (Boolean) Insecure is a flag that disables TLS peer verification.
- `password` (String) Password is the password used to access a vSphere endpoint.
- `port` (String) Port is the port on which the vSphere endpoint is listening. Defaults to 443.
- `round_tripper_count` (Number) RoundTripperCount specifies the SOAP round tripper count (retries = RoundTripper - 1)
- `secret_name` (String) SecretName is the name of the Kubernetes secret in which the vSphere credentials are located.
- `secret_namespace` (String) SecretNamespace is the namespace for SecretName.
- `secrets_directory` (String) SecretsDirectory is a directory in which secrets may be found. This may used in the event that: 1. It is not desirable to use the K8s API to watch changes to secrets 2. The cloud controller manager is not running in a K8s environment, such as DC/OS. For example, the container storage interface (CSI) is container orcehstrator (CO) agnostic, and should support non-K8s COs. Defaults to /etc/cloud/credentials.
- `service_account` (String) ServiceAccount is the Kubernetes service account used to launch the cloud controller manager. Defaults to cloud-controller-manager.
- `thumbprint` (String) Thumbprint is the cryptographic thumbprint of the vSphere endpoint's certificate.
- `username` (String) Username is the username used to access a vSphere endpoint.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--cloud_provider_configuration--labels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cloud_provider_configuration.labels`

Optional:

- `region` (String) Region is the region in which VMs are created/located.
- `zone` (String) Zone is the zone in which VMs are created/located.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--cloud_provider_configuration--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cloud_provider_configuration.network`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the network to which VMs are connected.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--cloud_provider_configuration--provider_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cloud_provider_configuration.provider_config`

Optional:

- `cloud` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cloud_provider_configuration--provider_config--cloud))
- `storage` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cloud_provider_configuration--provider_config--storage))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cloud_provider_configuration--provider_config--cloud"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cloud_provider_configuration.provider_config.cloud`

Optional:

- `controller_image` (String)
- `extra_args` (Map of String) ExtraArgs passes through extra arguments to the cloud provider. The arguments here are passed to the cloud provider daemonset specification


<a id="nestedatt--spec--cloud_provider_configuration--provider_config--storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cloud_provider_configuration.provider_config.storage`

Optional:

- `attacher_image` (String)
- `controller_image` (String)
- `liveness_probe_image` (String)
- `metadata_syncer_image` (String)
- `node_driver_image` (String)
- `provisioner_image` (String)
- `registrar_image` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--cloud_provider_configuration--virtual_center"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cloud_provider_configuration.virtual_center`

Optional:

- `datacenters` (String) Datacenters is a CSV string of the datacenters in which VMs are located.
- `password` (String) Password is the password used to access a vSphere endpoint.
- `port` (String) Port is the port on which the vSphere endpoint is listening. Defaults to 443.
- `round_tripper_count` (Number) RoundTripperCount specifies the SOAP round tripper count (retries = RoundTripper - 1)
- `thumbprint` (String) Thumbprint is the cryptographic thumbprint of the vSphere endpoint's certificate.
- `username` (String) Username is the username used to access a vSphere endpoint.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--cloud_provider_configuration--workspace"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cloud_provider_configuration.workspace`

Optional:

- `datacenter` (String) Datacenter is the datacenter in which VMs are created/located.
- `datastore` (String) Datastore is the datastore in which VMs are created/located.
- `folder` (String) Folder is the folder in which VMs are created/located.
- `resource_pool` (String) ResourcePool is the resource pool in which VMs are created/located.
- `server` (String) Server is the IP address or FQDN of the vSphere endpoint.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--control_plane_endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.control_plane_endpoint`

Required:

- `host` (String) The hostname on which the API server is serving.
- `port` (Number) The port on which the API server is serving.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--identity_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.identity_ref`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind of the identity. Can either be VSphereClusterIdentity or Secret
- `name` (String) Name of the identity.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--load_balancer_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.load_balancer_ref`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.
- `field_path` (String) If referring to a piece of an object instead of an entire object, this string should contain a valid JSON/Go field access statement, such as desiredState.manifest.containers[2]. For example, if the object reference is to a container within a pod, this would take on a value like: 'spec.containers{name}' (where 'name' refers to the name of the container that triggered the event) or if no container name is specified 'spec.containers[2]' (container with index 2 in this pod). This syntax is chosen only to have some well-defined way of referencing a part of an object.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/
- `resource_version` (String) Specific resourceVersion to which this reference is made, if any. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `uid` (String) UID of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#uids
