---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_infrastructure_cluster_x_k8s_io_v_sphere_cluster_template_v1beta1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "infrastructure.cluster.x-k8s.io"
description: |-
  VSphereClusterTemplate is the Schema for the vsphereclustertemplates API
---

# k8s_infrastructure_cluster_x_k8s_io_v_sphere_cluster_template_v1beta1_manifest (Data Source)

VSphereClusterTemplate is the Schema for the vsphereclustertemplates API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_infrastructure_cluster_x_k8s_io_v_sphere_cluster_template_v1beta1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) VSphereClusterTemplateSpec defines the desired state of VSphereClusterTemplate (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `template` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template`

Required:

- `spec` (Attributes) VSphereClusterSpec defines the desired state of VSphereCluster (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec`

Optional:

- `cluster_modules` (Attributes List) ClusterModules hosts information regarding the anti-affinity vSphere constructs for each of the objects responsible for creation of VM objects belonging to the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec--cluster_modules))
- `control_plane_endpoint` (Attributes) ControlPlaneEndpoint represents the endpoint used to communicate with the control plane. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec--control_plane_endpoint))
- `failure_domain_selector` (Attributes) FailureDomainSelector is the label selector to use for failure domain selection for the control plane nodes of the cluster. If not set ('nil'), selecting failure domains will be disabled. An empty value ('{}') selects all existing failure domains. A valid selector will select all failure domains which match the selector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec--failure_domain_selector))
- `identity_ref` (Attributes) IdentityRef is a reference to either a Secret or VSphereClusterIdentity that contains the identity to use when reconciling the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec--identity_ref))
- `server` (String) Server is the address of the vSphere endpoint.
- `thumbprint` (String) Thumbprint is the colon-separated SHA-1 checksum of the given vCenter server's host certificate

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec--cluster_modules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.thumbprint`

Required:

- `control_plane` (Boolean) ControlPlane indicates whether the referred object is responsible for control plane nodes. Currently, only the KubeadmControlPlane objects have this flag set to true. Only a single object in the slice can have this value set to true.
- `module_uuid` (String) ModuleUUID is the unique identifier of the 'ClusterModule' used by the object.
- `target_object_name` (String) TargetObjectName points to the object that uses the Cluster Module information to enforce anti-affinity amongst its descendant VM objects.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec--control_plane_endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.thumbprint`

Required:

- `host` (String) The hostname on which the API server is serving.
- `port` (Number) The port on which the API server is serving.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec--failure_domain_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.thumbprint`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec--thumbprint--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec--thumbprint--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.thumbprint.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec--identity_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.thumbprint`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind of the identity. Can either be VSphereClusterIdentity or Secret
- `name` (String) Name of the identity.
