---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_infrastructure_cluster_x_k8s_io_v_sphere_machine_template_v1alpha3_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "infrastructure.cluster.x-k8s.io"
description: |-
  VSphereMachineTemplate is the Schema for the vspheremachinetemplates API Deprecated: This type will be removed in one of the next releases.
---

# k8s_infrastructure_cluster_x_k8s_io_v_sphere_machine_template_v1alpha3_manifest (Data Source)

VSphereMachineTemplate is the Schema for the vspheremachinetemplates API Deprecated: This type will be removed in one of the next releases.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_infrastructure_cluster_x_k8s_io_v_sphere_machine_template_v1alpha3_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) VSphereMachineTemplateSpec defines the desired state of VSphereMachineTemplate (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `template` (Attributes) VSphereMachineTemplateResource describes the data needed to create a VSphereMachine from a template (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template`

Required:

- `spec` (Attributes) Spec is the specification of the desired behavior of the machine. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec))

Optional:

- `metadata` (Attributes) Standard object's metadata. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--metadata))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec`

Required:

- `network` (Attributes) Network is the network configuration for this machine's VM. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec--network))
- `template` (String) Template is the name or inventory path of the template used to clone the virtual machine.

Optional:

- `clone_mode` (String) CloneMode specifies the type of clone operation. The LinkedClone mode is only support for templates that have at least one snapshot. If the template has no snapshots, then CloneMode defaults to FullClone. When LinkedClone mode is enabled the DiskGiB field is ignored as it is not possible to expand disks of linked clones. Defaults to LinkedClone, but fails gracefully to FullClone if the source of the clone operation has no snapshots.
- `custom_vmx_keys` (Map of String) CustomVMXKeys is a dictionary of advanced VMX options that can be set on VM Defaults to empty map
- `datacenter` (String) Datacenter is the name or inventory path of the datacenter in which the virtual machine is created/located.
- `datastore` (String) Datastore is the name or inventory path of the datastore in which the virtual machine is created/located.
- `disk_gi_b` (Number) DiskGiB is the size of a virtual machine's disk, in GiB. Defaults to the eponymous property value in the template from which the virtual machine is cloned.
- `failure_domain` (String) FailureDomain is the failure domain unique identifier this Machine should be attached to, as defined in Cluster API. For this infrastructure provider, the name is equivalent to the name of the VSphereDeploymentZone.
- `folder` (String) Folder is the name or inventory path of the folder in which the virtual machine is created/located.
- `memory_mi_b` (Number) MemoryMiB is the size of a virtual machine's memory, in MiB. Defaults to the eponymous property value in the template from which the virtual machine is cloned.
- `num_cores_per_socket` (Number) NumCPUs is the number of cores among which to distribute CPUs in this virtual machine. Defaults to the eponymous property value in the template from which the virtual machine is cloned.
- `num_cp_us` (Number) NumCPUs is the number of virtual processors in a virtual machine. Defaults to the eponymous property value in the template from which the virtual machine is cloned.
- `provider_id` (String) ProviderID is the virtual machine's BIOS UUID formated as vsphere://12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789abc
- `resource_pool` (String) ResourcePool is the name or inventory path of the resource pool in which the virtual machine is created/located.
- `server` (String) Server is the IP address or FQDN of the vSphere server on which the virtual machine is created/located.
- `snapshot` (String) Snapshot is the name of the snapshot from which to create a linked clone. This field is ignored if LinkedClone is not enabled. Defaults to the source's current snapshot.
- `storage_policy_name` (String) StoragePolicyName of the storage policy to use with this Virtual Machine
- `thumbprint` (String) Thumbprint is the colon-separated SHA-1 checksum of the given vCenter server's host certificate When this is set to empty, this VirtualMachine would be created without TLS certificate validation of the communication between Cluster API Provider vSphere and the VMware vCenter server.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.network`

Required:

- `devices` (Attributes List) Devices is the list of network devices used by the virtual machine. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec--network--devices))

Optional:

- `preferred_api_server_cidr` (String) PreferredAPIServeCIDR is the preferred CIDR for the Kubernetes API server endpoint on this machine
- `routes` (Attributes List) Routes is a list of optional, static routes applied to the virtual machine. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec--network--routes))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec--network--devices"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.network.devices`

Required:

- `network_name` (String) NetworkName is the name of the vSphere network to which the device will be connected.

Optional:

- `device_name` (String) DeviceName may be used to explicitly assign a name to the network device as it exists in the guest operating system.
- `dhcp4` (Boolean) DHCP4 is a flag that indicates whether or not to use DHCP for IPv4 on this device. If true then IPAddrs should not contain any IPv4 addresses.
- `dhcp6` (Boolean) DHCP6 is a flag that indicates whether or not to use DHCP for IPv6 on this device. If true then IPAddrs should not contain any IPv6 addresses.
- `gateway4` (String) Gateway4 is the IPv4 gateway used by this device. Required when DHCP4 is false.
- `gateway6` (String) Gateway4 is the IPv4 gateway used by this device. Required when DHCP6 is false.
- `ip_addrs` (List of String) IPAddrs is a list of one or more IPv4 and/or IPv6 addresses to assign to this device. IP addresses must also specify the segment length in CIDR notation. Required when DHCP4 and DHCP6 are both false.
- `mac_addr` (String) MACAddr is the MAC address used by this device. It is generally a good idea to omit this field and allow a MAC address to be generated. Please note that this value must use the VMware OUI to work with the in-tree vSphere cloud provider.
- `mtu` (Number) MTU is the device’s Maximum Transmission Unit size in bytes.
- `nameservers` (List of String) Nameservers is a list of IPv4 and/or IPv6 addresses used as DNS nameservers. Please note that Linux allows only three nameservers (https://linux.die.net/man/5/resolv.conf).
- `routes` (Attributes List) Routes is a list of optional, static routes applied to the device. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec--network--devices--routes))
- `search_domains` (List of String) SearchDomains is a list of search domains used when resolving IP addresses with DNS.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec--network--devices--routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.network.devices.routes`

Required:

- `metric` (Number) Metric is the weight/priority of the route.
- `to` (String) To is an IPv4 or IPv6 address.
- `via` (String) Via is an IPv4 or IPv6 address.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec--network--routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.network.routes`

Required:

- `metric` (Number) Metric is the weight/priority of the route.
- `to` (String) To is an IPv4 or IPv6 address.
- `via` (String) Via is an IPv4 or IPv6 address.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata. They are not queryable and should be preserved when modifying objects. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/annotations
- `generate_name` (String) GenerateName is an optional prefix, used by the server, to generate a unique name ONLY IF the Name field has not been provided. If this field is used, the name returned to the client will be different than the name passed. This value will also be combined with a unique suffix. The provided value has the same validation rules as the Name field, and may be truncated by the length of the suffix required to make the value unique on the server. If this field is specified and the generated name exists, the server will NOT return a 409 - instead, it will either return 201 Created or 500 with Reason ServerTimeout indicating a unique name could not be found in the time allotted, and the client should retry (optionally after the time indicated in the Retry-After header). Applied only if Name is not specified. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#idempotency Deprecated: This field has no function and is going to be removed in a next release.
- `labels` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize (scope and select) objects. May match selectors of replication controllers and services. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/labels
- `name` (String) Name must be unique within a namespace. Is required when creating resources, although some resources may allow a client to request the generation of an appropriate name automatically. Name is primarily intended for creation idempotence and configuration definition. Cannot be updated. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/identifiers#names Deprecated: This field has no function and is going to be removed in a next release.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace defines the space within each name must be unique. An empty namespace is equivalent to the 'default' namespace, but 'default' is the canonical representation. Not all objects are required to be scoped to a namespace - the value of this field for those objects will be empty. Must be a DNS_LABEL. Cannot be updated. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/namespaces Deprecated: This field has no function and is going to be removed in a next release.
- `owner_references` (Attributes List) List of objects depended by this object. If ALL objects in the list have been deleted, this object will be garbage collected. If this object is managed by a controller, then an entry in this list will point to this controller, with the controller field set to true. There cannot be more than one managing controller. Deprecated: This field has no function and is going to be removed in a next release. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--metadata--owner_references))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--metadata--owner_references"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.metadata.owner_references`

Required:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names#names
- `uid` (String) UID of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names#uids

Optional:

- `block_owner_deletion` (Boolean) If true, AND if the owner has the 'foregroundDeletion' finalizer, then the owner cannot be deleted from the key-value store until this reference is removed. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/architecture/garbage-collection/#foreground-deletion for how the garbage collector interacts with this field and enforces the foreground deletion. Defaults to false. To set this field, a user needs 'delete' permission of the owner, otherwise 422 (Unprocessable Entity) will be returned.
- `controller` (Boolean) If true, this reference points to the managing controller.
