---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_infrastructure_cluster_x_k8s_io_ibmvpc_machine_template_v1beta1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "infrastructure.cluster.x-k8s.io"
description: |-
  IBMVPCMachineTemplate is the Schema for the ibmvpcmachinetemplates API.
---

# k8s_infrastructure_cluster_x_k8s_io_ibmvpc_machine_template_v1beta1_manifest (Data Source)

IBMVPCMachineTemplate is the Schema for the ibmvpcmachinetemplates API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_infrastructure_cluster_x_k8s_io_ibmvpc_machine_template_v1beta1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) IBMVPCMachineTemplateSpec defines the desired state of IBMVPCMachineTemplate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `template` (Attributes) IBMVPCMachineTemplateResource describes the data needed to create am IBMVPCMachine from a template. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template`

Required:

- `spec` (Attributes) Spec is the specification of the desired behavior of the machine. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec`

Required:

- `zone` (String) Zone is the place where the instance should be created. Example: us-south-3 TODO: Actually zone is transparent to user. The field user can access is location. Example: Dallas 2

Optional:

- `boot_volume` (Attributes) BootVolume contains machines's boot volume configurations like size, iops etc.. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec--boot_volume))
- `image` (String) Image is the id of OS image which would be install on the instance. Example: r134-ed3f775f-ad7e-4e37-ae62-7199b4988b00
- `image_name` (String) ImageName is the name of OS image which would be install on the instance.
- `name` (String) Name of the instance.
- `primary_network_interface` (Attributes) PrimaryNetworkInterface is required to specify subnet. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec--primary_network_interface))
- `profile` (String) Profile indicates the flavor of instance. Example: bx2-8x32	means 8 vCPUs	32 GB RAM	16 Gbps TODO: add a reference link of profile
- `provider_id` (String) ProviderID is the unique identifier as specified by the cloud provider.
- `ssh_key_names` (List of String) SSHKeysNames is the SSH pub key names that will be used to access VM.
- `ssh_keys` (List of String) SSHKeys is the SSH pub keys that will be used to access VM.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec--boot_volume"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.ssh_keys`

Optional:

- `delete_volume_on_instance_delete` (Boolean) DeleteVolumeOnInstanceDelete If set to true, when deleting the instance the volume will also be deleted. Default is set as true
- `encryption_key_crn` (String) EncryptionKey is the root key to use to wrap the data encryption key for the volume and this points to the CRN and possible values are as follows. The CRN of the [Key Protect Root Key](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/key-protect?topic=key-protect-getting-started-tutorial) or [Hyper Protect Crypto Service Root Key](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/hs-crypto?topic=hs-crypto-get-started) for this resource. If unspecified, the 'encryption' type for the volume will be 'provider_managed'.
- `iops` (Number) Iops is the maximum I/O operations per second (IOPS) to use for the volume. Applicable only to volumes using a profile family of 'custom'.
- `name` (String) Name is the unique user-defined name for this volume. Default will be autogenerated
- `profile` (String) Profile is the volume profile for the bootdisk, refer https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/vpc?topic=vpc-block-storage-profiles for more information. Default to general-purpose
- `size_gi_b` (Number) SizeGiB is the size of the virtual server's boot disk in GiB. Default to the size of the image's 'minimum_provisioned_size'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec--primary_network_interface"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.ssh_keys`

Optional:

- `subnet` (String) Subnet ID of the network interface.
