---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_infrastructure_cluster_x_k8s_io_v_sphere_machine_v1alpha3_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "infrastructure.cluster.x-k8s.io"
description: |-
  VSphereMachine is the Schema for the vspheremachines API Deprecated: This type will be removed in one of the next releases.
---

# k8s_infrastructure_cluster_x_k8s_io_v_sphere_machine_v1alpha3_manifest (Data Source)

VSphereMachine is the Schema for the vspheremachines API Deprecated: This type will be removed in one of the next releases.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_infrastructure_cluster_x_k8s_io_v_sphere_machine_v1alpha3_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) VSphereMachineSpec defines the desired state of VSphereMachine (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `network` (Attributes) Network is the network configuration for this machine's VM. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network))
- `template` (String) Template is the name or inventory path of the template used to clone the virtual machine.

Optional:

- `clone_mode` (String) CloneMode specifies the type of clone operation. The LinkedClone mode is only support for templates that have at least one snapshot. If the template has no snapshots, then CloneMode defaults to FullClone. When LinkedClone mode is enabled the DiskGiB field is ignored as it is not possible to expand disks of linked clones. Defaults to LinkedClone, but fails gracefully to FullClone if the source of the clone operation has no snapshots.
- `custom_vmx_keys` (Map of String) CustomVMXKeys is a dictionary of advanced VMX options that can be set on VM Defaults to empty map
- `datacenter` (String) Datacenter is the name or inventory path of the datacenter in which the virtual machine is created/located.
- `datastore` (String) Datastore is the name or inventory path of the datastore in which the virtual machine is created/located.
- `disk_gi_b` (Number) DiskGiB is the size of a virtual machine's disk, in GiB. Defaults to the eponymous property value in the template from which the virtual machine is cloned.
- `failure_domain` (String) FailureDomain is the failure domain unique identifier this Machine should be attached to, as defined in Cluster API. For this infrastructure provider, the name is equivalent to the name of the VSphereDeploymentZone.
- `folder` (String) Folder is the name or inventory path of the folder in which the virtual machine is created/located.
- `memory_mi_b` (Number) MemoryMiB is the size of a virtual machine's memory, in MiB. Defaults to the eponymous property value in the template from which the virtual machine is cloned.
- `num_cores_per_socket` (Number) NumCPUs is the number of cores among which to distribute CPUs in this virtual machine. Defaults to the eponymous property value in the template from which the virtual machine is cloned.
- `num_cp_us` (Number) NumCPUs is the number of virtual processors in a virtual machine. Defaults to the eponymous property value in the template from which the virtual machine is cloned.
- `provider_id` (String) ProviderID is the virtual machine's BIOS UUID formated as vsphere://12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789abc
- `resource_pool` (String) ResourcePool is the name or inventory path of the resource pool in which the virtual machine is created/located.
- `server` (String) Server is the IP address or FQDN of the vSphere server on which the virtual machine is created/located.
- `snapshot` (String) Snapshot is the name of the snapshot from which to create a linked clone. This field is ignored if LinkedClone is not enabled. Defaults to the source's current snapshot.
- `storage_policy_name` (String) StoragePolicyName of the storage policy to use with this Virtual Machine
- `thumbprint` (String) Thumbprint is the colon-separated SHA-1 checksum of the given vCenter server's host certificate When this is set to empty, this VirtualMachine would be created without TLS certificate validation of the communication between Cluster API Provider vSphere and the VMware vCenter server.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network`

Required:

- `devices` (Attributes List) Devices is the list of network devices used by the virtual machine. TODO(akutz) Make sure at least one network matches the ClusterSpec.CloudProviderConfiguration.Network.Name (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network--devices))

Optional:

- `preferred_api_server_cidr` (String) PreferredAPIServeCIDR is the preferred CIDR for the Kubernetes API server endpoint on this machine
- `routes` (Attributes List) Routes is a list of optional, static routes applied to the virtual machine. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network--routes))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--network--devices"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network.devices`

Required:

- `network_name` (String) NetworkName is the name of the vSphere network to which the device will be connected.

Optional:

- `device_name` (String) DeviceName may be used to explicitly assign a name to the network device as it exists in the guest operating system.
- `dhcp4` (Boolean) DHCP4 is a flag that indicates whether or not to use DHCP for IPv4 on this device. If true then IPAddrs should not contain any IPv4 addresses.
- `dhcp6` (Boolean) DHCP6 is a flag that indicates whether or not to use DHCP for IPv6 on this device. If true then IPAddrs should not contain any IPv6 addresses.
- `gateway4` (String) Gateway4 is the IPv4 gateway used by this device. Required when DHCP4 is false.
- `gateway6` (String) Gateway4 is the IPv4 gateway used by this device. Required when DHCP6 is false.
- `ip_addrs` (List of String) IPAddrs is a list of one or more IPv4 and/or IPv6 addresses to assign to this device. IP addresses must also specify the segment length in CIDR notation. Required when DHCP4 and DHCP6 are both false.
- `mac_addr` (String) MACAddr is the MAC address used by this device. It is generally a good idea to omit this field and allow a MAC address to be generated. Please note that this value must use the VMware OUI to work with the in-tree vSphere cloud provider.
- `mtu` (Number) MTU is the device’s Maximum Transmission Unit size in bytes.
- `nameservers` (List of String) Nameservers is a list of IPv4 and/or IPv6 addresses used as DNS nameservers. Please note that Linux allows only three nameservers (https://linux.die.net/man/5/resolv.conf).
- `routes` (Attributes List) Routes is a list of optional, static routes applied to the device. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network--devices--routes))
- `search_domains` (List of String) SearchDomains is a list of search domains used when resolving IP addresses with DNS.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--network--devices--routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network.devices.routes`

Required:

- `metric` (Number) Metric is the weight/priority of the route.
- `to` (String) To is an IPv4 or IPv6 address.
- `via` (String) Via is an IPv4 or IPv6 address.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--network--routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network.routes`

Required:

- `metric` (Number) Metric is the weight/priority of the route.
- `to` (String) To is an IPv4 or IPv6 address.
- `via` (String) Via is an IPv4 or IPv6 address.
