---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_infrastructure_cluster_x_k8s_io_ibm_power_vs_machine_template_v1beta1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "infrastructure.cluster.x-k8s.io"
description: |-
  IBMPowerVSMachineTemplate is the Schema for the ibmpowervsmachinetemplates API.
---

# k8s_infrastructure_cluster_x_k8s_io_ibm_power_vs_machine_template_v1beta1_manifest (Data Source)

IBMPowerVSMachineTemplate is the Schema for the ibmpowervsmachinetemplates API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_infrastructure_cluster_x_k8s_io_ibm_power_vs_machine_template_v1beta1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) IBMPowerVSMachineTemplateSpec defines the desired state of IBMPowerVSMachineTemplate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `template` (Attributes) IBMPowerVSMachineTemplateResource holds the IBMPowerVSMachine spec. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template`

Required:

- `spec` (Attributes) IBMPowerVSMachineSpec defines the desired state of IBMPowerVSMachine. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec`

Required:

- `network` (Attributes) Network is the reference to the Network to use for this instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec--network))
- `service_instance_id` (String) ServiceInstanceID is the id of the power cloud instance where the vsi instance will get deployed.

Optional:

- `image` (Attributes) Image is the reference to the Image from which to create the machine instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec--image))
- `image_ref` (Attributes) ImageRef is an optional reference to a provider-specific resource that holds the details for provisioning the Image for a Cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec--image_ref))
- `memory` (String) Memory is Amount of memory allocated (in GB)
- `proc_type` (String) ProcType is the processor type, e.g: dedicated, shared, capped
- `processors` (String) Processors is Number of processors allocated.
- `provider_id` (String) ProviderID is the unique identifier as specified by the cloud provider.
- `ssh_key` (String) SSHKey is the name of the SSH key pair provided to the vsi for authenticating users.
- `sys_type` (String) SysType is the System type used to host the vsi.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.network`

Optional:

- `id` (String) ID of resource
- `name` (String) Name of resource
- `regex` (String) Regular expression to match resource, In case of multiple resources matches the provided regular expression the first matched resource will be selected


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec--image"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.image`

Optional:

- `id` (String) ID of resource
- `name` (String) Name of resource
- `regex` (String) Regular expression to match resource, In case of multiple resources matches the provided regular expression the first matched resource will be selected


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec--image_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.image_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. This field is effectively required, but due to backwards compatibility is allowed to be empty. Instances of this type with an empty value here are almost certainly wrong. TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid? More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Drop 'kubebuilder:default' when controller-gen doesn't need it https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder/issues/3896.
