---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_infrastructure_cluster_x_k8s_io_tinkerbell_cluster_v1beta1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "infrastructure.cluster.x-k8s.io"
description: |-
  TinkerbellCluster is the Schema for the tinkerbellclusters API.
---

# k8s_infrastructure_cluster_x_k8s_io_tinkerbell_cluster_v1beta1_manifest (Data Source)

TinkerbellCluster is the Schema for the tinkerbellclusters API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_infrastructure_cluster_x_k8s_io_tinkerbell_cluster_v1beta1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) TinkerbellClusterSpec defines the desired state of TinkerbellCluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `control_plane_endpoint` (Attributes) ControlPlaneEndpoint is a required field by ClusterAPI v1beta1. See https://cluster-api.sigs.k8s.io/developer/architecture/controllers/cluster.html for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--control_plane_endpoint))
- `image_lookup_base_registry` (String) ImageLookupBaseRegistry is the base Registry URL that is used for pulling images, if not set, the default will be to use ghcr.io/tinkerbell/cluster-api-provider-tinkerbell.
- `image_lookup_format` (String) ImageLookupFormat is the URL naming format to use for machine images when a machine does not specify. When set, this will be used for all cluster machines unless a machine specifies a different ImageLookupFormat. Supports substitutions for {{.BaseRegistry}}, {{.OSDistro}}, {{.OSVersion}} and {{.KubernetesVersion}} with the basse URL, OS distribution, OS version, and kubernetes version, respectively. BaseRegistry will be the value in ImageLookupBaseRegistry or ghcr.io/tinkerbell/cluster-api-provider-tinkerbell (the default), OSDistro will be the value in ImageLookupOSDistro or ubuntu (the default), OSVersion will be the value in ImageLookupOSVersion or default based on the OSDistro (if known), and the kubernetes version as defined by the packages produced by kubernetes/release: v1.13.0, v1.12.5-mybuild.1, or v1.17.3. For example, the default image format of {{.BaseRegistry}}/{{.OSDistro}}-{{.OSVersion}}:{{.KubernetesVersion}}.gz will attempt to pull the image from that location. See also: https://golang.org/pkg/text/template/
- `image_lookup_os_distro` (String) ImageLookupOSDistro is the name of the OS distro to use when fetching machine images, if not set it will default to ubuntu.
- `image_lookup_os_version` (String) ImageLookupOSVersion is the version of the OS distribution to use when fetching machine images. If not set it will default based on ImageLookupOSDistro.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--control_plane_endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.control_plane_endpoint`

Required:

- `host` (String) The hostname on which the API server is serving.
- `port` (Number) The port on which the API server is serving.
