---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_infrastructure_cluster_x_k8s_io_ibm_power_vs_cluster_v1beta1 Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "infrastructure.cluster.x-k8s.io"
description: |-
  IBMPowerVSCluster is the Schema for the ibmpowervsclusters API.
---

# k8s_infrastructure_cluster_x_k8s_io_ibm_power_vs_cluster_v1beta1 (Data Source)

IBMPowerVSCluster is the Schema for the ibmpowervsclusters API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_infrastructure_cluster_x_k8s_io_ibm_power_vs_cluster_v1beta1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) The API group of the requested resource.
- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `kind` (String) The type of the requested resource.
- `spec` (Attributes) IBMPowerVSClusterSpec defines the desired state of IBMPowerVSCluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Read-Only:

- `control_plane_endpoint` (Attributes) ControlPlaneEndpoint represents the endpoint used to communicate with the control plane. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--control_plane_endpoint))
- `network` (Attributes) Network is the reference to the Network to use for this cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network))
- `service_instance_id` (String) ServiceInstanceID is the id of the power cloud instance where the vsi instance will get deployed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--control_plane_endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.control_plane_endpoint`

Read-Only:

- `host` (String) The hostname on which the API server is serving.
- `port` (Number) The port on which the API server is serving.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) ID of resource
- `name` (String) Name of resource
- `regex` (String) Regular expression to match resource, In case of multiple resources matches the provided regular expression the first matched resource will be selected
