---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_infrastructure_cluster_x_k8s_io_ibm_power_vs_image_v1beta2_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "infrastructure.cluster.x-k8s.io"
description: |-
  IBMPowerVSImage is the Schema for the ibmpowervsimages API.
---

# k8s_infrastructure_cluster_x_k8s_io_ibm_power_vs_image_v1beta2_manifest (Data Source)

IBMPowerVSImage is the Schema for the ibmpowervsimages API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_infrastructure_cluster_x_k8s_io_ibm_power_vs_image_v1beta2_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) IBMPowerVSImageSpec defines the desired state of IBMPowerVSImage. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `bucket` (String) Cloud Object Storage bucket name; bucket-name[/optional/folder]
- `cluster_name` (String) ClusterName is the name of the Cluster this object belongs to.
- `object` (String) Cloud Object Storage image filename.
- `region` (String) Cloud Object Storage region.
- `service_instance_id` (String) ServiceInstanceID is the id of the power cloud instance where the image will get imported. Deprecated: use ServiceInstance instead

Optional:

- `delete_policy` (String) DeletePolicy defines the policy used to identify images to be preserved beyond the lifecycle of associated cluster.
- `service_instance` (Attributes) serviceInstance is the reference to the Power VS workspace on which the server instance(VM) will be created. Power VS workspace is a container for all Power VS instances at a specific geographic region. serviceInstance can be created via IBM Cloud catalog or CLI. supported serviceInstance identifier in PowerVSResource are Name and ID and that can be obtained from IBM Cloud UI or IBM Cloud cli. More detail about Power VS service instance. https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/power-iaas?topic=power-iaas-creating-power-virtual-server when omitted system will dynamically create the service instance (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--service_instance))
- `storage_type` (String) Type of storage, storage pool with the most available space will be selected.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--service_instance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.service_instance`

Optional:

- `id` (String) ID of resource
- `name` (String) Name of resource
- `regex` (String) Regular expression to match resource, In case of multiple resources matches the provided regular expression the first matched resource will be selected
