---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_infrastructure_cluster_x_k8s_io_ibm_power_vs_cluster_template_v1beta2_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "infrastructure.cluster.x-k8s.io"
description: |-
  IBMPowerVSClusterTemplate is the schema for IBM Power VS Kubernetes Cluster Templates.
---

# k8s_infrastructure_cluster_x_k8s_io_ibm_power_vs_cluster_template_v1beta2_manifest (Data Source)

IBMPowerVSClusterTemplate is the schema for IBM Power VS Kubernetes Cluster Templates.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_infrastructure_cluster_x_k8s_io_ibm_power_vs_cluster_template_v1beta2_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) IBMPowerVSClusterTemplateSpec defines the desired state of IBMPowerVSClusterTemplate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `template` (Attributes) IBMPowerVSClusterTemplateResource describes the data needed to create an IBMPowerVSCluster from a template. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template`

Required:

- `spec` (Attributes) IBMPowerVSClusterSpec defines the desired state of IBMPowerVSCluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec))

Optional:

- `metadata` (Attributes) Standard object's metadata. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--metadata))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec`

Required:

- `network` (Attributes) Network is the reference to the Network to use for this cluster. when the field is omitted, A DHCP service will be created in the Power VS workspace and its private network will be used. the DHCP service created network will have the following name format 1. in the case of DHCPServer.Name is not set the name will be DHCPSERVER<CLUSTER_NAME>_Private. 2. if DHCPServer.Name is set the name will be DHCPSERVER<DHCPServer.Name>_Private. when Network.ID is set, its expected that there exist a network in PowerVS workspace with id or else system will give error. when Network.Name is set, system will first check for network with Name in PowerVS workspace, if not exist network will be created by DHCP service. Network.RegEx is not yet supported and system will ignore the value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec--network))
- `service_instance_id` (String) ServiceInstanceID is the id of the power cloud instance where the vsi instance will get deployed. Deprecated: use ServiceInstance instead

Optional:

- `control_plane_endpoint` (Attributes) ControlPlaneEndpoint represents the endpoint used to communicate with the control plane. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec--control_plane_endpoint))
- `cos_instance` (Attributes) cosInstance contains options to configure a supporting IBM Cloud COS bucket for this cluster - currently used for nodes requiring Ignition (https://coreos.github.io/ignition/) for bootstrapping (requires BootstrapFormatIgnition feature flag to be enabled). when powervs.cluster.x-k8s.io/create-infra=true annotation is set on IBMPowerVSCluster resource and Ignition is set, then 1. CosInstance.Name should be set not setting will result in webhook error. 2. CosInstance.BucketName should be set not setting will result in webhook error. 3. CosInstance.BucketRegion should be set not setting will result in webhook error. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec--cos_instance))
- `dhcp_server` (Attributes) dhcpServer is contains the configuration to be used while creating a new DHCP server in PowerVS workspace. when the field is omitted, CLUSTER_NAME will be used as DHCPServer.Name and DHCP server will be created. it will automatically create network with name DHCPSERVER<DHCPServer.Name>_Private in PowerVS workspace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec--dhcp_server))
- `ignition` (Attributes) Ignition defined options related to the bootstrapping systems where Ignition is used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec--ignition))
- `load_balancers` (Attributes List) loadBalancers is optional configuration for configuring loadbalancers to control plane or data plane nodes. when omitted system will create a default public loadbalancer with name CLUSTER_NAME-loadbalancer. when specified a vpc loadbalancer will be created and controlPlaneEndpoint will be set with associated hostname of loadbalancer. ControlPlaneEndpoint will be set with associated hostname of public loadbalancer. when LoadBalancers[].ID is set, its expected that there exist a loadbalancer with ID or else system will give error. when LoadBalancers[].Name is set, system will first check for loadbalancer with Name, if not exist system will create new loadbalancer. For each loadbalancer a default backed pool and front listener will be configured with port 6443. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec--load_balancers))
- `resource_group` (Attributes) resourceGroup name under which the resources will be created. when powervs.cluster.x-k8s.io/create-infra=true annotation is set on IBMPowerVSCluster resource, 1. it is expected to set the ResourceGroup.Name, not setting will result in webhook error. ResourceGroup.ID and ResourceGroup.Regex is not yet supported and system will ignore the value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec--resource_group))
- `service_instance` (Attributes) serviceInstance is the reference to the Power VS server workspace on which the server instance(VM) will be created. Power VS server workspace is a container for all Power VS instances at a specific geographic region. serviceInstance can be created via IBM Cloud catalog or CLI. supported serviceInstance identifier in PowerVSResource are Name and ID and that can be obtained from IBM Cloud UI or IBM Cloud cli. More detail about Power VS service instance. https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/power-iaas?topic=power-iaas-creating-power-virtual-server when omitted system will dynamically create the service instance with name CLUSTER_NAME-serviceInstance. when ServiceInstance.ID is set, its expected that there exist a service instance in PowerVS workspace with id or else system will give error. when ServiceInstance.Name is set, system will first check for service instance with Name in PowerVS workspace, if not exist system will create new instance. if there are more than one service instance exist with the ServiceInstance.Name in given Zone, installation fails with an error. Use ServiceInstance.ID in those situations to use the specific service instance. ServiceInstance.Regex is not yet supported not yet supported and system will ignore the value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec--service_instance))
- `transit_gateway` (Attributes) transitGateway contains information about IBM Cloud TransitGateway IBM Cloud TransitGateway helps in establishing network connectivity between IBM Cloud Power VS and VPC infrastructure more information about TransitGateway can be found here https://www.ibm.com/products/transit-gateway. when TransitGateway.ID is set, its expected that there exist a TransitGateway with ID or else system will give error. when TransitGateway.Name is set, system will first check for TransitGateway with Name, if not exist system will create new TransitGateway. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec--transit_gateway))
- `vpc` (Attributes) vpc contains information about IBM Cloud VPC resources. when omitted system will dynamically create the VPC with name CLUSTER_NAME-vpc. when VPC.ID is set, its expected that there exist a VPC with ID or else system will give error. when VPC.Name is set, system will first check for VPC with Name, if not exist system will create new VPC. when powervs.cluster.x-k8s.io/create-infra=true annotation is set on IBMPowerVSCluster resource, 1. it is expected to set the VPC.Region, not setting will result in webhook error. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec--vpc))
- `vpc_security_groups` (Attributes List) VPCSecurityGroups to attach it to the VPC resource (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec--vpc_security_groups))
- `vpc_subnets` (Attributes List) vpcSubnets contains information about IBM Cloud VPC Subnet resources. when omitted system will create the subnets in all the zone corresponding to VPC.Region, with name CLUSTER_NAME-vpcsubnet-ZONE_NAME. possible values can be found here https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/power-iaas?topic=power-iaas-creating-power-virtual-server. when VPCSubnets[].ID is set, its expected that there exist a subnet with ID or else system will give error. when VPCSubnets[].Zone is not set, a random zone is picked from available zones of VPC.Region. when VPCSubnets[].Name is not set, system will set name as CLUSTER_NAME-vpcsubnet-INDEX. if subnet with name VPCSubnets[].Name not found, system will create new subnet in VPCSubnets[].Zone. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec--vpc_subnets))
- `zone` (String) zone is the name of Power VS zone where the cluster will be created possible values can be found here https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/power-iaas?topic=power-iaas-creating-power-virtual-server. when powervs.cluster.x-k8s.io/create-infra=true annotation is set on IBMPowerVSCluster resource, 1. it is expected to set the zone, not setting will result in webhook error. 2. the zone should have PER capabilities, or else system will give error.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.network`

Optional:

- `id` (String) ID of resource
- `name` (String) Name of resource
- `regex` (String) Regular expression to match resource, In case of multiple resources matches the provided regular expression the first matched resource will be selected


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec--control_plane_endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.control_plane_endpoint`

Required:

- `host` (String) The hostname on which the API server is serving.
- `port` (Number) The port on which the API server is serving.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec--cos_instance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.cos_instance`

Optional:

- `bucket_name` (String) bucketName is IBM cloud COS bucket name
- `bucket_region` (String) bucketRegion is IBM cloud COS bucket region
- `name` (String) name defines name of IBM cloud COS instance to be created. when IBMPowerVSCluster.Ignition is set


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec--dhcp_server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.dhcp_server`

Optional:

- `cidr` (String) Optional cidr for DHCP private network
- `dns_server` (String) Optional DNS Server for DHCP service
- `id` (String) Optional id of the existing DHCPServer
- `name` (String) Optional name of DHCP Service. Only alphanumeric characters and dashes are allowed.
- `snat` (Boolean) Optional indicates if SNAT will be enabled for DHCP service


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec--ignition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.ignition`

Optional:

- `version` (String) Version defines which version of Ignition will be used to generate bootstrap data.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec--load_balancers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.load_balancers`

Optional:

- `additional_listeners` (Attributes List) AdditionalListeners sets the additional listeners for the control plane load balancer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec--load_balancers--additional_listeners))
- `backend_pools` (Attributes List) backendPools defines the load balancer's backend pools. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec--load_balancers--backend_pools))
- `id` (String) id of the loadbalancer
- `name` (String) Name sets the name of the VPC load balancer.
- `public` (Boolean) public indicates that load balancer is public or private
- `security_groups` (Attributes List) securityGroups defines the Security Groups to attach to the load balancer. Security Groups defined here are expected to already exist when the load balancer is reconciled (these do not get created when reconciling the load balancer). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec--load_balancers--security_groups))
- `subnets` (Attributes List) subnets defines the VPC Subnets to attach to the load balancer. Subnets defiens here are expected to already exist when the load balancer is reconciled (these do not get created when reconciling the load balancer). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec--load_balancers--subnets))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec--load_balancers--additional_listeners"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.load_balancers.additional_listeners`

Required:

- `port` (Number) Port sets the port for the additional listener.

Optional:

- `default_pool_name` (String) defaultPoolName defines the name of a VPC Load Balancer Backend Pool to use for the VPC Load Balancer Listener.
- `protocol` (String) protocol defines the protocol to use for the VPC Load Balancer Listener. Will default to TCP protocol if not specified.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec--load_balancers--backend_pools"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.load_balancers.backend_pools`

Required:

- `algorithm` (String) algorithm defines the load balancing algorithm to use.
- `health_monitor` (Attributes) healthMonitor defines the backend pool's health monitor. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec--load_balancers--backend_pools--health_monitor))
- `protocol` (String) protocol defines the protocol to use for the Backend Pool.

Optional:

- `name` (String) name defines the name of the Backend Pool.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec--load_balancers--backend_pools--health_monitor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.load_balancers.backend_pools.health_monitor`

Required:

- `delay` (Number) delay defines the seconds to wait between health checks.
- `retries` (Number) retries defines the max retries for health check.
- `timeout` (Number) timeout defines the seconds to wait for a health check response.
- `type` (String) type defines the protocol used for health checks.

Optional:

- `port` (Number) port defines the port to perform health monitoring on.
- `url_path` (String) urlPath defines the URL to use for health monitoring.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec--load_balancers--security_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.load_balancers.security_groups`

Optional:

- `id` (String) id of the resource.
- `name` (String) name of the resource.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec--load_balancers--subnets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.load_balancers.subnets`

Optional:

- `id` (String) id of the resource.
- `name` (String) name of the resource.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec--resource_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.resource_group`

Optional:

- `id` (String) ID of resource
- `name` (String) Name of resource
- `regex` (String) Regular expression to match resource, In case of multiple resources matches the provided regular expression the first matched resource will be selected


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec--service_instance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.service_instance`

Optional:

- `id` (String) ID of resource
- `name` (String) Name of resource
- `regex` (String) Regular expression to match resource, In case of multiple resources matches the provided regular expression the first matched resource will be selected


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec--transit_gateway"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.transit_gateway`

Optional:

- `global_routing` (Boolean) globalRouting indicates whether to set global routing true or not while creating the transit gateway. set this field to true only when PowerVS and VPC are from different regions, if they are same it's suggested to use local routing by setting the field to false. when the field is omitted, based on PowerVS region (region associated with IBMPowerVSCluster.Spec.Zone) and VPC region(IBMPowerVSCluster.Spec.VPC.Region) system will decide whether to enable globalRouting or not.
- `id` (String) id of resource.
- `name` (String) name of resource.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec--vpc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.vpc`

Optional:

- `id` (String) id of resource.
- `name` (String) name of resource.
- `region` (String) region of IBM Cloud VPC. when powervs.cluster.x-k8s.io/create-infra=true annotation is set on IBMPowerVSCluster resource, it is expected to set the region, not setting will result in webhook error.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec--vpc_security_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.vpc_security_groups`

Optional:

- `id` (String) id of the Security Group.
- `name` (String) name of the Security Group.
- `rules` (Attributes List) rules are the Security Group Rules for the Security Group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec--vpc_security_groups--rules))
- `tags` (List of String) tags are tags to add to the Security Group.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec--vpc_security_groups--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.vpc_security_groups.rules`

Required:

- `action` (String) action defines whether to allow or deny traffic defined by the Security Group Rule.
- `direction` (String) direction defines whether the traffic is inbound or outbound for the Security Group Rule.

Optional:

- `destination` (Attributes) destination is a VPCSecurityGroupRulePrototype which defines the destination of outbound traffic for the Security Group Rule. Only used when direction is VPCSecurityGroupRuleDirectionOutbound. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec--vpc_security_groups--rules--destination))
- `security_group_id` (String) securityGroupID is the ID of the Security Group for the Security Group Rule.
- `source` (Attributes) source is a VPCSecurityGroupRulePrototype which defines the source of inbound traffic for the Security Group Rule. Only used when direction is VPCSecurityGroupRuleDirectionInbound. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec--vpc_security_groups--rules--source))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec--vpc_security_groups--rules--destination"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.vpc_security_groups.rules.destination`

Required:

- `protocol` (String) protocol defines the traffic protocol used for the Security Group Rule.
- `remotes` (Attributes List) remotes is a set of VPCSecurityGroupRuleRemote's that define the traffic allowed by the Rule's remote. Specifying multiple VPCSecurityGroupRuleRemote's creates a unique Security Group Rule with the shared Protocol, PortRange, etc. This allows for easier management of Security Group Rule's for sets of CIDR's, IP's, etc. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec--vpc_security_groups--rules--destination--remotes))

Optional:

- `icmp_code` (Number) icmpCode is the ICMP code for the Rule. Only used when Protocol is VPCSecurityGroupRuleProtocolIcmp.
- `icmp_type` (Number) icmpType is the ICMP type for the Rule. Only used when Protocol is VPCSecurityGroupRuleProtocolIcmp.
- `port_range` (Attributes) portRange is a range of ports allowed for the Rule's remote. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec--vpc_security_groups--rules--destination--port_range))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec--vpc_security_groups--rules--destination--remotes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.vpc_security_groups.rules.destination.remotes`

Required:

- `remote_type` (String) remoteType defines the type of filter to define for the remote's destination/source.

Optional:

- `address` (String) address is the address to use for the remote's destination/source. Only used when remoteType is VPCSecurityGroupRuleRemoteTypeAddress.
- `cidr_subnet_name` (String) cidrSubnetName is the name of the VPC Subnet to retrieve the CIDR from, to use for the remote's destination/source. Only used when remoteType is VPCSecurityGroupRuleRemoteTypeCIDR.
- `security_group_name` (String) securityGroupName is the name of the VPC Security Group to use for the remote's destination/source. Only used when remoteType is VPCSecurityGroupRuleRemoteTypeSG


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec--vpc_security_groups--rules--destination--port_range"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.vpc_security_groups.rules.destination.port_range`

Optional:

- `maximum_port` (Number) maximumPort is the inclusive upper range of ports.
- `minimum_port` (Number) minimumPort is the inclusive lower range of ports.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec--vpc_security_groups--rules--source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.vpc_security_groups.rules.source`

Required:

- `protocol` (String) protocol defines the traffic protocol used for the Security Group Rule.
- `remotes` (Attributes List) remotes is a set of VPCSecurityGroupRuleRemote's that define the traffic allowed by the Rule's remote. Specifying multiple VPCSecurityGroupRuleRemote's creates a unique Security Group Rule with the shared Protocol, PortRange, etc. This allows for easier management of Security Group Rule's for sets of CIDR's, IP's, etc. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec--vpc_security_groups--rules--source--remotes))

Optional:

- `icmp_code` (Number) icmpCode is the ICMP code for the Rule. Only used when Protocol is VPCSecurityGroupRuleProtocolIcmp.
- `icmp_type` (Number) icmpType is the ICMP type for the Rule. Only used when Protocol is VPCSecurityGroupRuleProtocolIcmp.
- `port_range` (Attributes) portRange is a range of ports allowed for the Rule's remote. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec--vpc_security_groups--rules--source--port_range))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec--vpc_security_groups--rules--source--remotes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.vpc_security_groups.rules.source.remotes`

Required:

- `remote_type` (String) remoteType defines the type of filter to define for the remote's destination/source.

Optional:

- `address` (String) address is the address to use for the remote's destination/source. Only used when remoteType is VPCSecurityGroupRuleRemoteTypeAddress.
- `cidr_subnet_name` (String) cidrSubnetName is the name of the VPC Subnet to retrieve the CIDR from, to use for the remote's destination/source. Only used when remoteType is VPCSecurityGroupRuleRemoteTypeCIDR.
- `security_group_name` (String) securityGroupName is the name of the VPC Security Group to use for the remote's destination/source. Only used when remoteType is VPCSecurityGroupRuleRemoteTypeSG


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec--vpc_security_groups--rules--source--port_range"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.vpc_security_groups.rules.source.port_range`

Optional:

- `maximum_port` (Number) maximumPort is the inclusive upper range of ports.
- `minimum_port` (Number) minimumPort is the inclusive lower range of ports.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec--vpc_subnets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.vpc_subnets`

Optional:

- `cidr` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `zone` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata. They are not queryable and should be preserved when modifying objects. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/annotations
- `labels` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize (scope and select) objects. May match selectors of replication controllers and services. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/labels
