---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_infrastructure_cluster_x_k8s_io_v_sphere_cluster_v1alpha4_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "infrastructure.cluster.x-k8s.io"
description: |-
  VSphereCluster is the Schema for the vsphereclusters API Deprecated: This type will be removed in one of the next releases.
---

# k8s_infrastructure_cluster_x_k8s_io_v_sphere_cluster_v1alpha4_manifest (Data Source)

VSphereCluster is the Schema for the vsphereclusters API Deprecated: This type will be removed in one of the next releases.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_infrastructure_cluster_x_k8s_io_v_sphere_cluster_v1alpha4_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) VSphereClusterSpec defines the desired state of VSphereCluster (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `control_plane_endpoint` (Attributes) ControlPlaneEndpoint represents the endpoint used to communicate with the control plane. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--control_plane_endpoint))
- `identity_ref` (Attributes) IdentityRef is a reference to either a Secret or VSphereClusterIdentity that contains the identity to use when reconciling the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--identity_ref))
- `server` (String) Server is the address of the vSphere endpoint.
- `thumbprint` (String) Thumbprint is the colon-separated SHA-1 checksum of the given vCenter server's host certificate

<a id="nestedatt--spec--control_plane_endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.control_plane_endpoint`

Required:

- `host` (String) The hostname on which the API server is serving.
- `port` (Number) The port on which the API server is serving.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--identity_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.identity_ref`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind of the identity. Can either be VSphereClusterIdentity or Secret
- `name` (String) Name of the identity.
