---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_infra_contrib_fluxcd_io_terraform_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "infra.contrib.fluxcd.io"
description: |-
  Terraform is the Schema for the terraforms API
---

# k8s_infra_contrib_fluxcd_io_terraform_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

Terraform is the Schema for the terraforms API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_infra_contrib_fluxcd_io_terraform_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) TerraformSpec defines the desired state of Terraform (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `interval` (String) The interval at which to reconcile the Terraform.
- `source_ref` (Attributes) SourceRef is the reference of the source where the Terraform files are stored. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--source_ref))

Optional:

- `always_cleanup_runner_pod` (Boolean) Clean the runner pod up after each reconciliation cycle
- `approve_plan` (String) ApprovePlan specifies name of a plan wanted to approve. If its value is 'auto', the controller will automatically approve every plan.
- `backend_config` (Attributes) BackendConfigSpec is for specifying configuration for Terraform's Kubernetes backend (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--backend_config))
- `backend_configs_from` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--backend_configs_from))
- `break_the_glass` (Boolean) BreakTheGlass specifies if the reconciliation should stop and allow interactive shell in case of emergency.
- `cli_config_secret_ref` (Attributes) SecretReference represents a Secret Reference. It has enough information to retrieve secret in any namespace (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cli_config_secret_ref))
- `cloud` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cloud))
- `depends_on` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--depends_on))
- `destroy` (Boolean) Destroy produces a destroy plan. Applying the plan will destroy all resources.
- `destroy_resources_on_deletion` (Boolean) Create destroy plan and apply it to destroy terraform resources upon deletion of this object. Defaults to false.
- `disable_drift_detection` (Boolean) Disable automatic drift detection. Drift detection may be resource intensive in the context of a large cluster or complex Terraform statefile. Defaults to false.
- `enable_inventory` (Boolean) EnableInventory enables the object to store resource entries as the inventory for external use.
- `enterprise` (Map of String) Enterprise is the enterprise configuration placeholder.
- `file_mappings` (Attributes List) List of all configuration files to be created in initialization. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--file_mappings))
- `force` (Boolean) Force instructs the controller to unconditionally re-plan and re-apply TF resources. Defaults to false.
- `health_checks` (Attributes List) List of health checks to be performed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--health_checks))
- `parallelism` (Number) Parallelism limits the number of concurrent operations of Terraform apply step. Zero (0) means using the default value.
- `path` (String) Path to the directory containing Terraform (.tf) files. Defaults to 'None', which translates to the root path of the SourceRef.
- `read_inputs_from_secrets` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--read_inputs_from_secrets))
- `refresh_before_apply` (Boolean) RefreshBeforeApply forces refreshing of the state before the apply step.
- `retry_interval` (String) The interval at which to retry a previously failed reconciliation. The default value is 15 when not specified.
- `runner_pod_template` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template))
- `runner_termination_grace_period_seconds` (Number) Configure the termination grace period for the runner pod. Use this parameter to allow the Terraform process to gracefully shutdown. Consider increasing for large, complex or slow-moving Terraform managed resources.
- `service_account_name` (String) Name of a ServiceAccount for the runner Pod to provision Terraform resources. Default to tf-runner.
- `store_readable_plan` (String) StoreReadablePlan enables storing the plan in a readable format.
- `suspend` (Boolean) Suspend is to tell the controller to suspend subsequent TF executions, it does not apply to already started executions. Defaults to false.
- `targets` (List of String) Targets specify the resource, module or collection of resources to target.
- `tfstate` (Attributes) TFStateSpec allows the user to set ForceUnlock (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tfstate))
- `values` (Map of String) Values map to the Terraform variable 'values', which is an object of arbitrary values. It is a convenient way to pass values to Terraform resources without having to define a variable for each value. To use this feature, your Terraform file must define the variable 'values'.
- `vars` (Attributes List) List of input variables to set for the Terraform program. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vars))
- `vars_from` (Attributes List) List of references to a Secret or a ConfigMap to generate variables for Terraform resources based on its data, selectively by varsKey. Values of the later Secret / ConfigMap with the same keys will override those of the former. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vars_from))
- `webhooks` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--webhooks))
- `workspace` (String)
- `write_outputs_to_secret` (Attributes) A list of target secrets for the outputs to be written as. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--write_outputs_to_secret))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--source_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.source_ref`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent.
- `name` (String) Name of the referent.

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent, defaults to the namespace of the Kubernetes resource object that contains the reference.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--backend_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.backend_config`

Optional:

- `config_path` (String)
- `custom_configuration` (String)
- `disable` (Boolean) Disable is to completely disable the backend configuration.
- `in_cluster_config` (Boolean)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `secret_suffix` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--backend_configs_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.backend_configs_from`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind of the values referent, valid values are ('Secret', 'ConfigMap').
- `name` (String) Name of the configs referent. Should reside in the same namespace as the referring resource.

Optional:

- `keys` (List of String) Keys is the data key where a specific value can be found at. Defaults to all keys.
- `optional` (Boolean) Optional marks this BackendConfigsReference as optional. When set, a not found error for the values reference is ignored, but any Key or transient error will still result in a reconciliation failure.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--cli_config_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cli_config_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) name is unique within a namespace to reference a secret resource.
- `namespace` (String) namespace defines the space within which the secret name must be unique.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--cloud"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cloud`

Required:

- `organization` (String)
- `workspaces` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cloud--workspaces))

Optional:

- `hostname` (String)
- `token` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cloud--workspaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cloud.workspaces`

Optional:

- `name` (String)
- `tags` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--depends_on"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.depends_on`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.

Optional:

- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent, when not specified it acts as LocalObjectReference.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--file_mappings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.file_mappings`

Required:

- `location` (String) Location can be either user's home directory or the Terraform workspace
- `path` (String) Path of the file - relative to the 'location'
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) Reference to a Secret that contains the file content (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--file_mappings--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--file_mappings--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.file_mappings.secret_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the Secret.

Optional:

- `key` (String) Key in the Secret, when not specified an implementation-specific default key is used.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--health_checks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.health_checks`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the health check.
- `type` (String) Type of the health check, valid values are ('tcp', 'http'). If tcp is specified, address is required. If http is specified, url is required.

Optional:

- `address` (String) Address to perform tcp health check on. Required when tcp type is specified. Go template can be used to reference values from the terraform output (e.g. 127.0.0.1:8080, {{.address}}:{{.port}}).
- `timeout` (String) The timeout period at which the connection should timeout if unable to complete the request. When not specified, default 20s timeout is used.
- `url` (String) URL to perform http health check on. Required when http type is specified. Go template can be used to reference values from the terraform output (e.g. https://example.org, {{.output_url}}).


<a id="nestedatt--spec--read_inputs_from_secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.read_inputs_from_secrets`

Required:

- `as` (String)
- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template`

Optional:

- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations to add to the runner pod
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to add to the runner pod


<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec`

Optional:

- `affinity` (Attributes) Set the Affinity for the Runner Pod (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--affinity))
- `env` (Attributes List) List of environment variables to set in the container. Cannot be updated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--env))
- `env_from` (Attributes List) List of sources to populate environment variables in the container. The keys defined within a source must be a C_IDENTIFIER. All invalid keys will be reported as an event when the container is starting. When a key exists in multiple sources, the value associated with the last source will take precedence. Values defined by an Env with a duplicate key will take precedence. Cannot be updated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--env_from))
- `image` (String) Runner pod image to use other than default
- `init_containers` (Attributes List) Set up Init Containers for the Runner (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--init_containers))
- `node_selector` (Map of String) Set the NodeSelector for the Runner Pod
- `tolerations` (Attributes List) Set the Tolerations for the Runner Pod (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--tolerations))
- `volume_mounts` (Attributes List) Set Volume Mounts for the Runner Pod (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volume_mounts))
- `volumes` (Attributes List) Set Volumes for the Runner Pod (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes`

Optional:

- `node_affinity` (Attributes) Describes node affinity scheduling rules for the pod. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--node_affinity))
- `pod_affinity` (Attributes) Describes pod affinity scheduling rules (e.g. co-locate this pod in the same node, zone, etc. as some other pod(s)). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--pod_affinity))
- `pod_anti_affinity` (Attributes) Describes pod anti-affinity scheduling rules (e.g. avoid putting this pod in the same node, zone, etc. as some other pod(s)). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--pod_anti_affinity))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--node_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.node_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) The scheduler will prefer to schedule pods to nodes that satisfy the affinity expressions specified by this field, but it may choose a node that violates one or more of the expressions. The node that is most preferred is the one with the greatest sum of weights, i.e. for each node that meets all of the scheduling requirements (resource request, requiredDuringScheduling affinity expressions, etc.), compute a sum by iterating through the elements of this field and adding 'weight' to the sum if the node matches the corresponding matchExpressions; the node(s) with the highest sum are the most preferred. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes) If the affinity requirements specified by this field are not met at scheduling time, the pod will not be scheduled onto the node. If the affinity requirements specified by this field cease to be met at some point during pod execution (e.g. due to an update), the system may or may not try to eventually evict the pod from its node. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `preference` (Attributes) A node selector term, associated with the corresponding weight. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference))
- `weight` (Number) Weight associated with matching the corresponding nodeSelectorTerm, in the range 1-100.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's labels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--match_expressions))
- `match_fields` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--match_fields))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `node_selector_terms` (Attributes List) Required. A list of node selector terms. The terms are ORed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's labels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_expressions))
- `match_fields` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_fields))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--pod_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.pod_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) The scheduler will prefer to schedule pods to nodes that satisfy the affinity expressions specified by this field, but it may choose a node that violates one or more of the expressions. The node that is most preferred is the one with the greatest sum of weights, i.e. for each node that meets all of the scheduling requirements (resource request, requiredDuringScheduling affinity expressions, etc.), compute a sum by iterating through the elements of this field and adding 'weight' to the sum if the node has pods which matches the corresponding podAffinityTerm; the node(s) with the highest sum are the most preferred. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) If the affinity requirements specified by this field are not met at scheduling time, the pod will not be scheduled onto the node. If the affinity requirements specified by this field cease to be met at some point during pod execution (e.g. due to a pod label update), the system may or may not try to eventually evict the pod from its node. When there are multiple elements, the lists of nodes corresponding to each podAffinityTerm are intersected, i.e. all terms must be satisfied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `pod_affinity_term` (Attributes) Required. A pod affinity term, associated with the corresponding weight. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term))
- `weight` (Number) weight associated with matching the corresponding podAffinityTerm, in the range 1-100.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matching the labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a node whose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of the selected pods is running. Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--label_selector))
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) A label query over the set of namespaces that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces selected by this field and the ones listed in the namespaces field. null selector and null or empty namespaces list means 'this pod's namespace'. An empty selector ({}) matches all namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies a static list of namespace names that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces listed in this field and the ones selected by namespaceSelector. null or empty namespaces list and null namespaceSelector means 'this pod's namespace'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.namespaces`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespaces--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespaces--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.namespaces.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.namespaces`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespaces--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespaces--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.namespaces.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matching the labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a node whose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of the selected pods is running. Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector))
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) A label query over the set of namespaces that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces selected by this field and the ones listed in the namespaces field. null selector and null or empty namespaces list means 'this pod's namespace'. An empty selector ({}) matches all namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies a static list of namespace names that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces listed in this field and the ones selected by namespaceSelector. null or empty namespaces list and null namespaceSelector means 'this pod's namespace'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespaces`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespaces--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespaces--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespaces.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespaces`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespaces--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespaces--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespaces.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--pod_anti_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.pod_anti_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) The scheduler will prefer to schedule pods to nodes that satisfy the anti-affinity expressions specified by this field, but it may choose a node that violates one or more of the expressions. The node that is most preferred is the one with the greatest sum of weights, i.e. for each node that meets all of the scheduling requirements (resource request, requiredDuringScheduling anti-affinity expressions, etc.), compute a sum by iterating through the elements of this field and adding 'weight' to the sum if the node has pods which matches the corresponding podAffinityTerm; the node(s) with the highest sum are the most preferred. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) If the anti-affinity requirements specified by this field are not met at scheduling time, the pod will not be scheduled onto the node. If the anti-affinity requirements specified by this field cease to be met at some point during pod execution (e.g. due to a pod label update), the system may or may not try to eventually evict the pod from its node. When there are multiple elements, the lists of nodes corresponding to each podAffinityTerm are intersected, i.e. all terms must be satisfied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `pod_affinity_term` (Attributes) Required. A pod affinity term, associated with the corresponding weight. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term))
- `weight` (Number) weight associated with matching the corresponding podAffinityTerm, in the range 1-100.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matching the labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a node whose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of the selected pods is running. Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--label_selector))
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) A label query over the set of namespaces that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces selected by this field and the ones listed in the namespaces field. null selector and null or empty namespaces list means 'this pod's namespace'. An empty selector ({}) matches all namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies a static list of namespace names that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces listed in this field and the ones selected by namespaceSelector. null or empty namespaces list and null namespaceSelector means 'this pod's namespace'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.namespaces`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespaces--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespaces--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.namespaces.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.namespaces`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespaces--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespaces--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.namespaces.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matching the labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a node whose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of the selected pods is running. Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector))
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) A label query over the set of namespaces that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces selected by this field and the ones listed in the namespaces field. null selector and null or empty namespaces list means 'this pod's namespace'. An empty selector ({}) matches all namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies a static list of namespace names that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces listed in this field and the ones selected by namespaceSelector. null or empty namespaces list and null namespaceSelector means 'this pod's namespace'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespaces`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespaces--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespaces--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespaces.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespaces`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespaces--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespaces--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespaces.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.






<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--env"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the environment variable. Must be a C_IDENTIFIER.

Optional:

- `value` (String) Variable references $(VAR_NAME) are expanded using the previously defined environment variables in the container and any service environment variables. If a variable cannot be resolved, the reference in the input string will be unchanged. Double $$ are reduced to a single $, which allows for escaping the $(VAR_NAME) syntax: i.e. '$$(VAR_NAME)' will produce the string literal '$(VAR_NAME)'. Escaped references will never be expanded, regardless of whether the variable exists or not. Defaults to ''.
- `value_from` (Attributes) Source for the environment variable's value. Cannot be used if value is not empty. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.value_from`

Optional:

- `config_map_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a ConfigMap. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--value_from--config_map_key_ref))
- `field_ref` (Attributes) Selects a field of the pod: supports metadata.name, metadata.namespace, 'metadata.labels['<KEY>']', 'metadata.annotations['<KEY>']', spec.nodeName, spec.serviceAccountName, status.hostIP, status.podIP, status.podIPs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--value_from--field_ref))
- `resource_field_ref` (Attributes) Selects a resource of the container: only resources limits and requests (limits.cpu, limits.memory, limits.ephemeral-storage, requests.cpu, requests.memory and requests.ephemeral-storage) are currently supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--value_from--resource_field_ref))
- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a secret in the pod's namespace (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--value_from--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--value_from--config_map_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key to select.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the ConfigMap or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--value_from--field_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `field_path` (String) Path of the field to select in the specified API version.

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) Version of the schema the FieldPath is written in terms of, defaults to 'v1'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--value_from--resource_field_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `resource` (String) Required: resource to select

Optional:

- `container_name` (String) Container name: required for volumes, optional for env vars
- `divisor` (String) Specifies the output format of the exposed resources, defaults to '1'


<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--value_from--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined




<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--env_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes`

Optional:

- `config_map_ref` (Attributes) The ConfigMap to select from (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--config_map_ref))
- `prefix` (String) An optional identifier to prepend to each key in the ConfigMap. Must be a C_IDENTIFIER.
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) The Secret to select from (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--config_map_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.config_map_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the ConfigMap must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret must be defined



<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--init_containers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the container specified as a DNS_LABEL. Each container in a pod must have a unique name (DNS_LABEL). Cannot be updated.

Optional:

- `args` (List of String) Arguments to the entrypoint. The container image's CMD is used if this is not provided. Variable references $(VAR_NAME) are expanded using the container's environment. If a variable cannot be resolved, the reference in the input string will be unchanged. Double $$ are reduced to a single $, which allows for escaping the $(VAR_NAME) syntax: i.e. '$$(VAR_NAME)' will produce the string literal '$(VAR_NAME)'. Escaped references will never be expanded, regardless of whether the variable exists or not. Cannot be updated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/define-command-argument-container/#running-a-command-in-a-shell
- `command` (List of String) Entrypoint array. Not executed within a shell. The container image's ENTRYPOINT is used if this is not provided. Variable references $(VAR_NAME) are expanded using the container's environment. If a variable cannot be resolved, the reference in the input string will be unchanged. Double $$ are reduced to a single $, which allows for escaping the $(VAR_NAME) syntax: i.e. '$$(VAR_NAME)' will produce the string literal '$(VAR_NAME)'. Escaped references will never be expanded, regardless of whether the variable exists or not. Cannot be updated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/define-command-argument-container/#running-a-command-in-a-shell
- `env` (Attributes List) List of environment variables to set in the container. Cannot be updated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--env))
- `env_from` (Attributes List) List of sources to populate environment variables in the container. The keys defined within a source must be a C_IDENTIFIER. All invalid keys will be reported as an event when the container is starting. When a key exists in multiple sources, the value associated with the last source will take precedence. Values defined by an Env with a duplicate key will take precedence. Cannot be updated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--env_from))
- `image` (String) Container image name. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images This field is optional to allow higher level config management to default or override container images in workload controllers like Deployments and StatefulSets.
- `image_pull_policy` (String) Image pull policy. One of Always, Never, IfNotPresent. Defaults to Always if :latest tag is specified, or IfNotPresent otherwise. Cannot be updated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images#updating-images
- `lifecycle` (Attributes) Actions that the management system should take in response to container lifecycle events. Cannot be updated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--lifecycle))
- `liveness_probe` (Attributes) Periodic probe of container liveness. Container will be restarted if the probe fails. Cannot be updated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle#container-probes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--liveness_probe))
- `ports` (Attributes List) List of ports to expose from the container. Not specifying a port here DOES NOT prevent that port from being exposed. Any port which is listening on the default '0.0.0.0' address inside a container will be accessible from the network. Modifying this array with strategic merge patch may corrupt the data. For more information See https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/108255. Cannot be updated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--ports))
- `readiness_probe` (Attributes) Periodic probe of container service readiness. Container will be removed from service endpoints if the probe fails. Cannot be updated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle#container-probes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--readiness_probe))
- `resize_policy` (Attributes List) Resources resize policy for the container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--resize_policy))
- `resources` (Attributes) Compute Resources required by this container. Cannot be updated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/ (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--resources))
- `security_context` (Attributes) SecurityContext defines the security options the container should be run with. If set, the fields of SecurityContext override the equivalent fields of PodSecurityContext. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/ (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--security_context))
- `startup_probe` (Attributes) StartupProbe indicates that the Pod has successfully initialized. If specified, no other probes are executed until this completes successfully. If this probe fails, the Pod will be restarted, just as if the livenessProbe failed. This can be used to provide different probe parameters at the beginning of a Pod's lifecycle, when it might take a long time to load data or warm a cache, than during steady-state operation. This cannot be updated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle#container-probes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--startup_probe))
- `stdin` (Boolean) Whether this container should allocate a buffer for stdin in the container runtime. If this is not set, reads from stdin in the container will always result in EOF. Default is false.
- `stdin_once` (Boolean) Whether the container runtime should close the stdin channel after it has been opened by a single attach. When stdin is true the stdin stream will remain open across multiple attach sessions. If stdinOnce is set to true, stdin is opened on container start, is empty until the first client attaches to stdin, and then remains open and accepts data until the client disconnects, at which time stdin is closed and remains closed until the container is restarted. If this flag is false, a container processes that reads from stdin will never receive an EOF. Default is false
- `termination_message_path` (String) Optional: Path at which the file to which the container's termination message will be written is mounted into the container's filesystem. Message written is intended to be brief final status, such as an assertion failure message. Will be truncated by the node if greater than 4096 bytes. The total message length across all containers will be limited to 12kb. Defaults to /dev/termination-log. Cannot be updated.
- `termination_message_policy` (String) Indicate how the termination message should be populated. File will use the contents of terminationMessagePath to populate the container status message on both success and failure. FallbackToLogsOnError will use the last chunk of container log output if the termination message file is empty and the container exited with an error. The log output is limited to 2048 bytes or 80 lines, whichever is smaller. Defaults to File. Cannot be updated.
- `tty` (Boolean) Whether this container should allocate a TTY for itself, also requires 'stdin' to be true. Default is false.
- `volume_devices` (Attributes List) volumeDevices is the list of block devices to be used by the container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--volume_devices))
- `volume_mounts` (Attributes List) Pod volumes to mount into the container's filesystem. Cannot be updated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--volume_mounts))
- `working_dir` (String) Container's working directory. If not specified, the container runtime's default will be used, which might be configured in the container image. Cannot be updated.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--env"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.env`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the environment variable. Must be a C_IDENTIFIER.

Optional:

- `value` (String) Variable references $(VAR_NAME) are expanded using the previously defined environment variables in the container and any service environment variables. If a variable cannot be resolved, the reference in the input string will be unchanged. Double $$ are reduced to a single $, which allows for escaping the $(VAR_NAME) syntax: i.e. '$$(VAR_NAME)' will produce the string literal '$(VAR_NAME)'. Escaped references will never be expanded, regardless of whether the variable exists or not. Defaults to ''.
- `value_from` (Attributes) Source for the environment variable's value. Cannot be used if value is not empty. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--env--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--env--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.env.value_from`

Optional:

- `config_map_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a ConfigMap. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--env--value_from--config_map_key_ref))
- `field_ref` (Attributes) Selects a field of the pod: supports metadata.name, metadata.namespace, 'metadata.labels['<KEY>']', 'metadata.annotations['<KEY>']', spec.nodeName, spec.serviceAccountName, status.hostIP, status.podIP, status.podIPs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--env--value_from--field_ref))
- `resource_field_ref` (Attributes) Selects a resource of the container: only resources limits and requests (limits.cpu, limits.memory, limits.ephemeral-storage, requests.cpu, requests.memory and requests.ephemeral-storage) are currently supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--env--value_from--resource_field_ref))
- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a secret in the pod's namespace (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--env--value_from--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--env--value_from--config_map_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.env.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key to select.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the ConfigMap or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--env--value_from--field_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.env.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `field_path` (String) Path of the field to select in the specified API version.

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) Version of the schema the FieldPath is written in terms of, defaults to 'v1'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--env--value_from--resource_field_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.env.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `resource` (String) Required: resource to select

Optional:

- `container_name` (String) Container name: required for volumes, optional for env vars
- `divisor` (String) Specifies the output format of the exposed resources, defaults to '1'


<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--env--value_from--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.env.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined




<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--env_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.env_from`

Optional:

- `config_map_ref` (Attributes) The ConfigMap to select from (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--env_from--config_map_ref))
- `prefix` (String) An optional identifier to prepend to each key in the ConfigMap. Must be a C_IDENTIFIER.
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) The Secret to select from (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--env_from--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--env_from--config_map_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.env_from.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the ConfigMap must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--env_from--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.env_from.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret must be defined



<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--lifecycle"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.lifecycle`

Optional:

- `post_start` (Attributes) PostStart is called immediately after a container is created. If the handler fails, the container is terminated and restarted according to its restart policy. Other management of the container blocks until the hook completes. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/container-lifecycle-hooks/#container-hooks (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--lifecycle--post_start))
- `pre_stop` (Attributes) PreStop is called immediately before a container is terminated due to an API request or management event such as liveness/startup probe failure, preemption, resource contention, etc. The handler is not called if the container crashes or exits. The Pod's termination grace period countdown begins before the PreStop hook is executed. Regardless of the outcome of the handler, the container will eventually terminate within the Pod's termination grace period (unless delayed by finalizers). Other management of the container blocks until the hook completes or until the termination grace period is reached. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/container-lifecycle-hooks/#container-hooks (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--lifecycle--pre_stop))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--lifecycle--post_start"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.lifecycle.pre_stop`

Optional:

- `exec` (Attributes) Exec specifies the action to take. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--lifecycle--pre_stop--exec))
- `http_get` (Attributes) HTTPGet specifies the http request to perform. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--lifecycle--pre_stop--http_get))
- `tcp_socket` (Attributes) Deprecated. TCPSocket is NOT supported as a LifecycleHandler and kept for the backward compatibility. There are no validation of this field and lifecycle hooks will fail in runtime when tcp handler is specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--lifecycle--pre_stop--tcp_socket))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--lifecycle--pre_stop--exec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.lifecycle.pre_stop.tcp_socket`

Optional:

- `command` (List of String) Command is the command line to execute inside the container, the working directory for the command  is root ('/') in the container's filesystem. The command is simply exec'd, it is not run inside a shell, so traditional shell instructions ('|', etc) won't work. To use a shell, you need to explicitly call out to that shell. Exit status of 0 is treated as live/healthy and non-zero is unhealthy.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--lifecycle--pre_stop--http_get"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.lifecycle.pre_stop.tcp_socket`

Required:

- `port` (String) Name or number of the port to access on the container. Number must be in the range 1 to 65535. Name must be an IANA_SVC_NAME.

Optional:

- `host` (String) Host name to connect to, defaults to the pod IP. You probably want to set 'Host' in httpHeaders instead.
- `http_headers` (Attributes List) Custom headers to set in the request. HTTP allows repeated headers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--lifecycle--pre_stop--tcp_socket--http_headers))
- `path` (String) Path to access on the HTTP server.
- `scheme` (String) Scheme to use for connecting to the host. Defaults to HTTP.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--lifecycle--pre_stop--tcp_socket--http_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.lifecycle.pre_stop.tcp_socket.scheme`

Required:

- `name` (String) The header field name. This will be canonicalized upon output, so case-variant names will be understood as the same header.
- `value` (String) The header field value



<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--lifecycle--pre_stop--tcp_socket"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.lifecycle.pre_stop.tcp_socket`

Required:

- `port` (String) Number or name of the port to access on the container. Number must be in the range 1 to 65535. Name must be an IANA_SVC_NAME.

Optional:

- `host` (String) Optional: Host name to connect to, defaults to the pod IP.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--lifecycle--pre_stop"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.lifecycle.pre_stop`

Optional:

- `exec` (Attributes) Exec specifies the action to take. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--lifecycle--pre_stop--exec))
- `http_get` (Attributes) HTTPGet specifies the http request to perform. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--lifecycle--pre_stop--http_get))
- `tcp_socket` (Attributes) Deprecated. TCPSocket is NOT supported as a LifecycleHandler and kept for the backward compatibility. There are no validation of this field and lifecycle hooks will fail in runtime when tcp handler is specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--lifecycle--pre_stop--tcp_socket))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--lifecycle--pre_stop--exec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.lifecycle.pre_stop.tcp_socket`

Optional:

- `command` (List of String) Command is the command line to execute inside the container, the working directory for the command  is root ('/') in the container's filesystem. The command is simply exec'd, it is not run inside a shell, so traditional shell instructions ('|', etc) won't work. To use a shell, you need to explicitly call out to that shell. Exit status of 0 is treated as live/healthy and non-zero is unhealthy.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--lifecycle--pre_stop--http_get"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.lifecycle.pre_stop.tcp_socket`

Required:

- `port` (String) Name or number of the port to access on the container. Number must be in the range 1 to 65535. Name must be an IANA_SVC_NAME.

Optional:

- `host` (String) Host name to connect to, defaults to the pod IP. You probably want to set 'Host' in httpHeaders instead.
- `http_headers` (Attributes List) Custom headers to set in the request. HTTP allows repeated headers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--lifecycle--pre_stop--tcp_socket--http_headers))
- `path` (String) Path to access on the HTTP server.
- `scheme` (String) Scheme to use for connecting to the host. Defaults to HTTP.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--lifecycle--pre_stop--tcp_socket--http_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.lifecycle.pre_stop.tcp_socket.scheme`

Required:

- `name` (String) The header field name. This will be canonicalized upon output, so case-variant names will be understood as the same header.
- `value` (String) The header field value



<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--lifecycle--pre_stop--tcp_socket"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.lifecycle.pre_stop.tcp_socket`

Required:

- `port` (String) Number or name of the port to access on the container. Number must be in the range 1 to 65535. Name must be an IANA_SVC_NAME.

Optional:

- `host` (String) Optional: Host name to connect to, defaults to the pod IP.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--liveness_probe"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.liveness_probe`

Optional:

- `exec` (Attributes) Exec specifies the action to take. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--liveness_probe--exec))
- `failure_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive failures for the probe to be considered failed after having succeeded. Defaults to 3. Minimum value is 1.
- `grpc` (Attributes) GRPC specifies an action involving a GRPC port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--liveness_probe--grpc))
- `http_get` (Attributes) HTTPGet specifies the http request to perform. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--liveness_probe--http_get))
- `initial_delay_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds after the container has started before liveness probes are initiated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle#container-probes
- `period_seconds` (Number) How often (in seconds) to perform the probe. Default to 10 seconds. Minimum value is 1.
- `success_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive successes for the probe to be considered successful after having failed. Defaults to 1. Must be 1 for liveness and startup. Minimum value is 1.
- `tcp_socket` (Attributes) TCPSocket specifies an action involving a TCP port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--liveness_probe--tcp_socket))
- `termination_grace_period_seconds` (Number) Optional duration in seconds the pod needs to terminate gracefully upon probe failure. The grace period is the duration in seconds after the processes running in the pod are sent a termination signal and the time when the processes are forcibly halted with a kill signal. Set this value longer than the expected cleanup time for your process. If this value is nil, the pod's terminationGracePeriodSeconds will be used. Otherwise, this value overrides the value provided by the pod spec. Value must be non-negative integer. The value zero indicates stop immediately via the kill signal (no opportunity to shut down). This is a beta field and requires enabling ProbeTerminationGracePeriod feature gate. Minimum value is 1. spec.terminationGracePeriodSeconds is used if unset.
- `timeout_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds after which the probe times out. Defaults to 1 second. Minimum value is 1. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle#container-probes

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--liveness_probe--exec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.liveness_probe.timeout_seconds`

Optional:

- `command` (List of String) Command is the command line to execute inside the container, the working directory for the command  is root ('/') in the container's filesystem. The command is simply exec'd, it is not run inside a shell, so traditional shell instructions ('|', etc) won't work. To use a shell, you need to explicitly call out to that shell. Exit status of 0 is treated as live/healthy and non-zero is unhealthy.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--liveness_probe--grpc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.liveness_probe.timeout_seconds`

Required:

- `port` (Number) Port number of the gRPC service. Number must be in the range 1 to 65535.

Optional:

- `service` (String) Service is the name of the service to place in the gRPC HealthCheckRequest (see https://github.com/grpc/grpc/blob/master/doc/health-checking.md).  If this is not specified, the default behavior is defined by gRPC.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--liveness_probe--http_get"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.liveness_probe.timeout_seconds`

Required:

- `port` (String) Name or number of the port to access on the container. Number must be in the range 1 to 65535. Name must be an IANA_SVC_NAME.

Optional:

- `host` (String) Host name to connect to, defaults to the pod IP. You probably want to set 'Host' in httpHeaders instead.
- `http_headers` (Attributes List) Custom headers to set in the request. HTTP allows repeated headers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--liveness_probe--timeout_seconds--http_headers))
- `path` (String) Path to access on the HTTP server.
- `scheme` (String) Scheme to use for connecting to the host. Defaults to HTTP.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--liveness_probe--timeout_seconds--http_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.liveness_probe.timeout_seconds.scheme`

Required:

- `name` (String) The header field name. This will be canonicalized upon output, so case-variant names will be understood as the same header.
- `value` (String) The header field value



<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--liveness_probe--tcp_socket"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.liveness_probe.timeout_seconds`

Required:

- `port` (String) Number or name of the port to access on the container. Number must be in the range 1 to 65535. Name must be an IANA_SVC_NAME.

Optional:

- `host` (String) Optional: Host name to connect to, defaults to the pod IP.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.ports`

Required:

- `container_port` (Number) Number of port to expose on the pod's IP address. This must be a valid port number, 0 < x < 65536.

Optional:

- `host_ip` (String) What host IP to bind the external port to.
- `host_port` (Number) Number of port to expose on the host. If specified, this must be a valid port number, 0 < x < 65536. If HostNetwork is specified, this must match ContainerPort. Most containers do not need this.
- `name` (String) If specified, this must be an IANA_SVC_NAME and unique within the pod. Each named port in a pod must have a unique name. Name for the port that can be referred to by services.
- `protocol` (String) Protocol for port. Must be UDP, TCP, or SCTP. Defaults to 'TCP'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--readiness_probe"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.readiness_probe`

Optional:

- `exec` (Attributes) Exec specifies the action to take. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--readiness_probe--exec))
- `failure_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive failures for the probe to be considered failed after having succeeded. Defaults to 3. Minimum value is 1.
- `grpc` (Attributes) GRPC specifies an action involving a GRPC port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--readiness_probe--grpc))
- `http_get` (Attributes) HTTPGet specifies the http request to perform. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--readiness_probe--http_get))
- `initial_delay_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds after the container has started before liveness probes are initiated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle#container-probes
- `period_seconds` (Number) How often (in seconds) to perform the probe. Default to 10 seconds. Minimum value is 1.
- `success_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive successes for the probe to be considered successful after having failed. Defaults to 1. Must be 1 for liveness and startup. Minimum value is 1.
- `tcp_socket` (Attributes) TCPSocket specifies an action involving a TCP port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--readiness_probe--tcp_socket))
- `termination_grace_period_seconds` (Number) Optional duration in seconds the pod needs to terminate gracefully upon probe failure. The grace period is the duration in seconds after the processes running in the pod are sent a termination signal and the time when the processes are forcibly halted with a kill signal. Set this value longer than the expected cleanup time for your process. If this value is nil, the pod's terminationGracePeriodSeconds will be used. Otherwise, this value overrides the value provided by the pod spec. Value must be non-negative integer. The value zero indicates stop immediately via the kill signal (no opportunity to shut down). This is a beta field and requires enabling ProbeTerminationGracePeriod feature gate. Minimum value is 1. spec.terminationGracePeriodSeconds is used if unset.
- `timeout_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds after which the probe times out. Defaults to 1 second. Minimum value is 1. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle#container-probes

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--readiness_probe--exec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.readiness_probe.timeout_seconds`

Optional:

- `command` (List of String) Command is the command line to execute inside the container, the working directory for the command  is root ('/') in the container's filesystem. The command is simply exec'd, it is not run inside a shell, so traditional shell instructions ('|', etc) won't work. To use a shell, you need to explicitly call out to that shell. Exit status of 0 is treated as live/healthy and non-zero is unhealthy.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--readiness_probe--grpc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.readiness_probe.timeout_seconds`

Required:

- `port` (Number) Port number of the gRPC service. Number must be in the range 1 to 65535.

Optional:

- `service` (String) Service is the name of the service to place in the gRPC HealthCheckRequest (see https://github.com/grpc/grpc/blob/master/doc/health-checking.md).  If this is not specified, the default behavior is defined by gRPC.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--readiness_probe--http_get"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.readiness_probe.timeout_seconds`

Required:

- `port` (String) Name or number of the port to access on the container. Number must be in the range 1 to 65535. Name must be an IANA_SVC_NAME.

Optional:

- `host` (String) Host name to connect to, defaults to the pod IP. You probably want to set 'Host' in httpHeaders instead.
- `http_headers` (Attributes List) Custom headers to set in the request. HTTP allows repeated headers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--readiness_probe--timeout_seconds--http_headers))
- `path` (String) Path to access on the HTTP server.
- `scheme` (String) Scheme to use for connecting to the host. Defaults to HTTP.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--readiness_probe--timeout_seconds--http_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.readiness_probe.timeout_seconds.scheme`

Required:

- `name` (String) The header field name. This will be canonicalized upon output, so case-variant names will be understood as the same header.
- `value` (String) The header field value



<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--readiness_probe--tcp_socket"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.readiness_probe.timeout_seconds`

Required:

- `port` (String) Number or name of the port to access on the container. Number must be in the range 1 to 65535. Name must be an IANA_SVC_NAME.

Optional:

- `host` (String) Optional: Host name to connect to, defaults to the pod IP.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--resize_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.resize_policy`

Required:

- `resource_name` (String) Name of the resource to which this resource resize policy applies. Supported values: cpu, memory.
- `restart_policy` (String) Restart policy to apply when specified resource is resized. If not specified, it defaults to NotRequired.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims, that are used by this container.  This is an alpha field and requires enabling the DynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.  This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.resources.requests`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims of the Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource available inside a container.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--security_context"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.security_context`

Optional:

- `allow_privilege_escalation` (Boolean) AllowPrivilegeEscalation controls whether a process can gain more privileges than its parent process. This bool directly controls if the no_new_privs flag will be set on the container process. AllowPrivilegeEscalation is true always when the container is: 1) run as Privileged 2) has CAP_SYS_ADMIN Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `capabilities` (Attributes) The capabilities to add/drop when running containers. Defaults to the default set of capabilities granted by the container runtime. Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--security_context--capabilities))
- `privileged` (Boolean) Run container in privileged mode. Processes in privileged containers are essentially equivalent to root on the host. Defaults to false. Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `proc_mount` (String) procMount denotes the type of proc mount to use for the containers. The default is DefaultProcMount which uses the container runtime defaults for readonly paths and masked paths. This requires the ProcMountType feature flag to be enabled. Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `read_only_root_filesystem` (Boolean) Whether this container has a read-only root filesystem. Default is false. Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `run_as_group` (Number) The GID to run the entrypoint of the container process. Uses runtime default if unset. May also be set in PodSecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext and PodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence. Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `run_as_non_root` (Boolean) Indicates that the container must run as a non-root user. If true, the Kubelet will validate the image at runtime to ensure that it does not run as UID 0 (root) and fail to start the container if it does. If unset or false, no such validation will be performed. May also be set in PodSecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext and PodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.
- `run_as_user` (Number) The UID to run the entrypoint of the container process. Defaults to user specified in image metadata if unspecified. May also be set in PodSecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext and PodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence. Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `se_linux_options` (Attributes) The SELinux context to be applied to the container. If unspecified, the container runtime will allocate a random SELinux context for each container.  May also be set in PodSecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext and PodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence. Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--security_context--se_linux_options))
- `seccomp_profile` (Attributes) The seccomp options to use by this container. If seccomp options are provided at both the pod & container level, the container options override the pod options. Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--security_context--seccomp_profile))
- `windows_options` (Attributes) The Windows specific settings applied to all containers. If unspecified, the options from the PodSecurityContext will be used. If set in both SecurityContext and PodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence. Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is linux. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--security_context--windows_options))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--security_context--capabilities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.security_context.windows_options`

Optional:

- `add` (List of String) Added capabilities
- `drop` (List of String) Removed capabilities


<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--security_context--se_linux_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.security_context.windows_options`

Optional:

- `level` (String) Level is SELinux level label that applies to the container.
- `role` (String) Role is a SELinux role label that applies to the container.
- `type` (String) Type is a SELinux type label that applies to the container.
- `user` (String) User is a SELinux user label that applies to the container.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--security_context--seccomp_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.security_context.windows_options`

Required:

- `type` (String) type indicates which kind of seccomp profile will be applied. Valid options are:  Localhost - a profile defined in a file on the node should be used. RuntimeDefault - the container runtime default profile should be used. Unconfined - no profile should be applied.

Optional:

- `localhost_profile` (String) localhostProfile indicates a profile defined in a file on the node should be used. The profile must be preconfigured on the node to work. Must be a descending path, relative to the kubelet's configured seccomp profile location. Must only be set if type is 'Localhost'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--security_context--windows_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.security_context.windows_options`

Optional:

- `gmsa_credential_spec` (String) GMSACredentialSpec is where the GMSA admission webhook (https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/windows-gmsa) inlines the contents of the GMSA credential spec named by the GMSACredentialSpecName field.
- `gmsa_credential_spec_name` (String) GMSACredentialSpecName is the name of the GMSA credential spec to use.
- `host_process` (Boolean) HostProcess determines if a container should be run as a 'Host Process' container. This field is alpha-level and will only be honored by components that enable the WindowsHostProcessContainers feature flag. Setting this field without the feature flag will result in errors when validating the Pod. All of a Pod's containers must have the same effective HostProcess value (it is not allowed to have a mix of HostProcess containers and non-HostProcess containers).  In addition, if HostProcess is true then HostNetwork must also be set to true.
- `run_as_user_name` (String) The UserName in Windows to run the entrypoint of the container process. Defaults to the user specified in image metadata if unspecified. May also be set in PodSecurityContext. If set in both SecurityContext and PodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--startup_probe"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.startup_probe`

Optional:

- `exec` (Attributes) Exec specifies the action to take. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--startup_probe--exec))
- `failure_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive failures for the probe to be considered failed after having succeeded. Defaults to 3. Minimum value is 1.
- `grpc` (Attributes) GRPC specifies an action involving a GRPC port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--startup_probe--grpc))
- `http_get` (Attributes) HTTPGet specifies the http request to perform. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--startup_probe--http_get))
- `initial_delay_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds after the container has started before liveness probes are initiated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle#container-probes
- `period_seconds` (Number) How often (in seconds) to perform the probe. Default to 10 seconds. Minimum value is 1.
- `success_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive successes for the probe to be considered successful after having failed. Defaults to 1. Must be 1 for liveness and startup. Minimum value is 1.
- `tcp_socket` (Attributes) TCPSocket specifies an action involving a TCP port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--startup_probe--tcp_socket))
- `termination_grace_period_seconds` (Number) Optional duration in seconds the pod needs to terminate gracefully upon probe failure. The grace period is the duration in seconds after the processes running in the pod are sent a termination signal and the time when the processes are forcibly halted with a kill signal. Set this value longer than the expected cleanup time for your process. If this value is nil, the pod's terminationGracePeriodSeconds will be used. Otherwise, this value overrides the value provided by the pod spec. Value must be non-negative integer. The value zero indicates stop immediately via the kill signal (no opportunity to shut down). This is a beta field and requires enabling ProbeTerminationGracePeriod feature gate. Minimum value is 1. spec.terminationGracePeriodSeconds is used if unset.
- `timeout_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds after which the probe times out. Defaults to 1 second. Minimum value is 1. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle#container-probes

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--startup_probe--exec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.startup_probe.timeout_seconds`

Optional:

- `command` (List of String) Command is the command line to execute inside the container, the working directory for the command  is root ('/') in the container's filesystem. The command is simply exec'd, it is not run inside a shell, so traditional shell instructions ('|', etc) won't work. To use a shell, you need to explicitly call out to that shell. Exit status of 0 is treated as live/healthy and non-zero is unhealthy.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--startup_probe--grpc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.startup_probe.timeout_seconds`

Required:

- `port` (Number) Port number of the gRPC service. Number must be in the range 1 to 65535.

Optional:

- `service` (String) Service is the name of the service to place in the gRPC HealthCheckRequest (see https://github.com/grpc/grpc/blob/master/doc/health-checking.md).  If this is not specified, the default behavior is defined by gRPC.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--startup_probe--http_get"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.startup_probe.timeout_seconds`

Required:

- `port` (String) Name or number of the port to access on the container. Number must be in the range 1 to 65535. Name must be an IANA_SVC_NAME.

Optional:

- `host` (String) Host name to connect to, defaults to the pod IP. You probably want to set 'Host' in httpHeaders instead.
- `http_headers` (Attributes List) Custom headers to set in the request. HTTP allows repeated headers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--startup_probe--timeout_seconds--http_headers))
- `path` (String) Path to access on the HTTP server.
- `scheme` (String) Scheme to use for connecting to the host. Defaults to HTTP.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--startup_probe--timeout_seconds--http_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.startup_probe.timeout_seconds.scheme`

Required:

- `name` (String) The header field name. This will be canonicalized upon output, so case-variant names will be understood as the same header.
- `value` (String) The header field value



<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--startup_probe--tcp_socket"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.startup_probe.timeout_seconds`

Required:

- `port` (String) Number or name of the port to access on the container. Number must be in the range 1 to 65535. Name must be an IANA_SVC_NAME.

Optional:

- `host` (String) Optional: Host name to connect to, defaults to the pod IP.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--volume_devices"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.volume_devices`

Required:

- `device_path` (String) devicePath is the path inside of the container that the device will be mapped to.
- `name` (String) name must match the name of a persistentVolumeClaim in the pod


<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--volume_mounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.volume_mounts`

Required:

- `mount_path` (String) Path within the container at which the volume should be mounted.  Must not contain ':'.
- `name` (String) This must match the Name of a Volume.

Optional:

- `mount_propagation` (String) mountPropagation determines how mounts are propagated from the host to container and the other way around. When not set, MountPropagationNone is used. This field is beta in 1.10.
- `read_only` (Boolean) Mounted read-only if true, read-write otherwise (false or unspecified). Defaults to false.
- `sub_path` (String) Path within the volume from which the container's volume should be mounted. Defaults to '' (volume's root).
- `sub_path_expr` (String) Expanded path within the volume from which the container's volume should be mounted. Behaves similarly to SubPath but environment variable references $(VAR_NAME) are expanded using the container's environment. Defaults to '' (volume's root). SubPathExpr and SubPath are mutually exclusive.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--tolerations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes`

Optional:

- `effect` (String) Effect indicates the taint effect to match. Empty means match all taint effects. When specified, allowed values are NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Key is the taint key that the toleration applies to. Empty means match all taint keys. If the key is empty, operator must be Exists; this combination means to match all values and all keys.
- `operator` (String) Operator represents a key's relationship to the value. Valid operators are Exists and Equal. Defaults to Equal. Exists is equivalent to wildcard for value, so that a pod can tolerate all taints of a particular category.
- `toleration_seconds` (Number) TolerationSeconds represents the period of time the toleration (which must be of effect NoExecute, otherwise this field is ignored) tolerates the taint. By default, it is not set, which means tolerate the taint forever (do not evict). Zero and negative values will be treated as 0 (evict immediately) by the system.
- `value` (String) Value is the taint value the toleration matches to. If the operator is Exists, the value should be empty, otherwise just a regular string.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volume_mounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes`

Required:

- `mount_path` (String) Path within the container at which the volume should be mounted.  Must not contain ':'.
- `name` (String) This must match the Name of a Volume.

Optional:

- `mount_propagation` (String) mountPropagation determines how mounts are propagated from the host to container and the other way around. When not set, MountPropagationNone is used. This field is beta in 1.10.
- `read_only` (Boolean) Mounted read-only if true, read-write otherwise (false or unspecified). Defaults to false.
- `sub_path` (String) Path within the volume from which the container's volume should be mounted. Defaults to '' (volume's root).
- `sub_path_expr` (String) Expanded path within the volume from which the container's volume should be mounted. Behaves similarly to SubPath but environment variable references $(VAR_NAME) are expanded using the container's environment. Defaults to '' (volume's root). SubPathExpr and SubPath are mutually exclusive.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes`

Required:

- `name` (String) name of the volume. Must be a DNS_LABEL and unique within the pod. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names

Optional:

- `aws_elastic_block_store` (Attributes) awsElasticBlockStore represents an AWS Disk resource that is attached to a kubelet's host machine and then exposed to the pod. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#awselasticblockstore (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--aws_elastic_block_store))
- `azure_disk` (Attributes) azureDisk represents an Azure Data Disk mount on the host and bind mount to the pod. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--azure_disk))
- `azure_file` (Attributes) azureFile represents an Azure File Service mount on the host and bind mount to the pod. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--azure_file))
- `cephfs` (Attributes) cephFS represents a Ceph FS mount on the host that shares a pod's lifetime (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--cephfs))
- `cinder` (Attributes) cinder represents a cinder volume attached and mounted on kubelets host machine. More info: https://examples.k8s.io/mysql-cinder-pd/README.md (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--cinder))
- `config_map` (Attributes) configMap represents a configMap that should populate this volume (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--config_map))
- `csi` (Attributes) csi (Container Storage Interface) represents ephemeral storage that is handled by certain external CSI drivers (Beta feature). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--csi))
- `downward_api` (Attributes) downwardAPI represents downward API about the pod that should populate this volume (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--downward_api))
- `empty_dir` (Attributes) emptyDir represents a temporary directory that shares a pod's lifetime. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#emptydir (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--empty_dir))
- `ephemeral` (Attributes) ephemeral represents a volume that is handled by a cluster storage driver. The volume's lifecycle is tied to the pod that defines it - it will be created before the pod starts, and deleted when the pod is removed.  Use this if: a) the volume is only needed while the pod runs, b) features of normal volumes like restoring from snapshot or capacity tracking are needed, c) the storage driver is specified through a storage class, and d) the storage driver supports dynamic volume provisioning through a PersistentVolumeClaim (see EphemeralVolumeSource for more information on the connection between this volume type and PersistentVolumeClaim).  Use PersistentVolumeClaim or one of the vendor-specific APIs for volumes that persist for longer than the lifecycle of an individual pod.  Use CSI for light-weight local ephemeral volumes if the CSI driver is meant to be used that way - see the documentation of the driver for more information.  A pod can use both types of ephemeral volumes and persistent volumes at the same time. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--ephemeral))
- `fc` (Attributes) fc represents a Fibre Channel resource that is attached to a kubelet's host machine and then exposed to the pod. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--fc))
- `flex_volume` (Attributes) flexVolume represents a generic volume resource that is provisioned/attached using an exec based plugin. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--flex_volume))
- `flocker` (Attributes) flocker represents a Flocker volume attached to a kubelet's host machine. This depends on the Flocker control service being running (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--flocker))
- `gce_persistent_disk` (Attributes) gcePersistentDisk represents a GCE Disk resource that is attached to a kubelet's host machine and then exposed to the pod. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#gcepersistentdisk (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--gce_persistent_disk))
- `git_repo` (Attributes) gitRepo represents a git repository at a particular revision. DEPRECATED: GitRepo is deprecated. To provision a container with a git repo, mount an EmptyDir into an InitContainer that clones the repo using git, then mount the EmptyDir into the Pod's container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--git_repo))
- `glusterfs` (Attributes) glusterfs represents a Glusterfs mount on the host that shares a pod's lifetime. More info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/glusterfs/README.md (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--glusterfs))
- `host_path` (Attributes) hostPath represents a pre-existing file or directory on the host machine that is directly exposed to the container. This is generally used for system agents or other privileged things that are allowed to see the host machine. Most containers will NOT need this. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#hostpath --- TODO(jonesdl) We need to restrict who can use host directory mounts and who can/can not mount host directories as read/write. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--host_path))
- `iscsi` (Attributes) iscsi represents an ISCSI Disk resource that is attached to a kubelet's host machine and then exposed to the pod. More info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/iscsi/README.md (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--iscsi))
- `nfs` (Attributes) nfs represents an NFS mount on the host that shares a pod's lifetime More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#nfs (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--nfs))
- `persistent_volume_claim` (Attributes) persistentVolumeClaimVolumeSource represents a reference to a PersistentVolumeClaim in the same namespace. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#persistentvolumeclaims (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--persistent_volume_claim))
- `photon_persistent_disk` (Attributes) photonPersistentDisk represents a PhotonController persistent disk attached and mounted on kubelets host machine (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--photon_persistent_disk))
- `portworx_volume` (Attributes) portworxVolume represents a portworx volume attached and mounted on kubelets host machine (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--portworx_volume))
- `projected` (Attributes) projected items for all in one resources secrets, configmaps, and downward API (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--projected))
- `quobyte` (Attributes) quobyte represents a Quobyte mount on the host that shares a pod's lifetime (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--quobyte))
- `rbd` (Attributes) rbd represents a Rados Block Device mount on the host that shares a pod's lifetime. More info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/rbd/README.md (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--rbd))
- `scale_io` (Attributes) scaleIO represents a ScaleIO persistent volume attached and mounted on Kubernetes nodes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--scale_io))
- `secret` (Attributes) secret represents a secret that should populate this volume. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#secret (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--secret))
- `storageos` (Attributes) storageOS represents a StorageOS volume attached and mounted on Kubernetes nodes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--storageos))
- `vsphere_volume` (Attributes) vsphereVolume represents a vSphere volume attached and mounted on kubelets host machine (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--vsphere_volume))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--aws_elastic_block_store"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.aws_elastic_block_store`

Required:

- `volume_id` (String) volumeID is unique ID of the persistent disk resource in AWS (Amazon EBS volume). More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#awselasticblockstore

Optional:

- `fs_type` (String) fsType is the filesystem type of the volume that you want to mount. Tip: Ensure that the filesystem type is supported by the host operating system. Examples: 'ext4', 'xfs', 'ntfs'. Implicitly inferred to be 'ext4' if unspecified. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#awselasticblockstore TODO: how do we prevent errors in the filesystem from compromising the machine
- `partition` (Number) partition is the partition in the volume that you want to mount. If omitted, the default is to mount by volume name. Examples: For volume /dev/sda1, you specify the partition as '1'. Similarly, the volume partition for /dev/sda is '0' (or you can leave the property empty).
- `read_only` (Boolean) readOnly value true will force the readOnly setting in VolumeMounts. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#awselasticblockstore


<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--azure_disk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.azure_disk`

Required:

- `disk_name` (String) diskName is the Name of the data disk in the blob storage
- `disk_uri` (String) diskURI is the URI of data disk in the blob storage

Optional:

- `caching_mode` (String) cachingMode is the Host Caching mode: None, Read Only, Read Write.
- `fs_type` (String) fsType is Filesystem type to mount. Must be a filesystem type supported by the host operating system. Ex. 'ext4', 'xfs', 'ntfs'. Implicitly inferred to be 'ext4' if unspecified.
- `kind` (String) kind expected values are Shared: multiple blob disks per storage account  Dedicated: single blob disk per storage account  Managed: azure managed data disk (only in managed availability set). defaults to shared
- `read_only` (Boolean) readOnly Defaults to false (read/write). ReadOnly here will force the ReadOnly setting in VolumeMounts.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--azure_file"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.azure_file`

Required:

- `secret_name` (String) secretName is the  name of secret that contains Azure Storage Account Name and Key
- `share_name` (String) shareName is the azure share Name

Optional:

- `read_only` (Boolean) readOnly defaults to false (read/write). ReadOnly here will force the ReadOnly setting in VolumeMounts.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--cephfs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.cephfs`

Required:

- `monitors` (List of String) monitors is Required: Monitors is a collection of Ceph monitors More info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/cephfs/README.md#how-to-use-it

Optional:

- `path` (String) path is Optional: Used as the mounted root, rather than the full Ceph tree, default is /
- `read_only` (Boolean) readOnly is Optional: Defaults to false (read/write). ReadOnly here will force the ReadOnly setting in VolumeMounts. More info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/cephfs/README.md#how-to-use-it
- `secret_file` (String) secretFile is Optional: SecretFile is the path to key ring for User, default is /etc/ceph/user.secret More info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/cephfs/README.md#how-to-use-it
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) secretRef is Optional: SecretRef is reference to the authentication secret for User, default is empty. More info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/cephfs/README.md#how-to-use-it (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--cephfs--secret_ref))
- `user` (String) user is optional: User is the rados user name, default is admin More info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/cephfs/README.md#how-to-use-it

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--cephfs--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.cephfs.user`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?



<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--cinder"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.cinder`

Required:

- `volume_id` (String) volumeID used to identify the volume in cinder. More info: https://examples.k8s.io/mysql-cinder-pd/README.md

Optional:

- `fs_type` (String) fsType is the filesystem type to mount. Must be a filesystem type supported by the host operating system. Examples: 'ext4', 'xfs', 'ntfs'. Implicitly inferred to be 'ext4' if unspecified. More info: https://examples.k8s.io/mysql-cinder-pd/README.md
- `read_only` (Boolean) readOnly defaults to false (read/write). ReadOnly here will force the ReadOnly setting in VolumeMounts. More info: https://examples.k8s.io/mysql-cinder-pd/README.md
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) secretRef is optional: points to a secret object containing parameters used to connect to OpenStack. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--cinder--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--cinder--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.cinder.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?



<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--config_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.config_map`

Optional:

- `default_mode` (Number) defaultMode is optional: mode bits used to set permissions on created files by default. Must be an octal value between 0000 and 0777 or a decimal value between 0 and 511. YAML accepts both octal and decimal values, JSON requires decimal values for mode bits. Defaults to 0644. Directories within the path are not affected by this setting. This might be in conflict with other options that affect the file mode, like fsGroup, and the result can be other mode bits set.
- `items` (Attributes List) items if unspecified, each key-value pair in the Data field of the referenced ConfigMap will be projected into the volume as a file whose name is the key and content is the value. If specified, the listed keys will be projected into the specified paths, and unlisted keys will not be present. If a key is specified which is not present in the ConfigMap, the volume setup will error unless it is marked optional. Paths must be relative and may not contain the '..' path or start with '..'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--config_map--items))
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) optional specify whether the ConfigMap or its keys must be defined

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--config_map--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.config_map.optional`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the key to project.
- `path` (String) path is the relative path of the file to map the key to. May not be an absolute path. May not contain the path element '..'. May not start with the string '..'.

Optional:

- `mode` (Number) mode is Optional: mode bits used to set permissions on this file. Must be an octal value between 0000 and 0777 or a decimal value between 0 and 511. YAML accepts both octal and decimal values, JSON requires decimal values for mode bits. If not specified, the volume defaultMode will be used. This might be in conflict with other options that affect the file mode, like fsGroup, and the result can be other mode bits set.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--csi"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.csi`

Required:

- `driver` (String) driver is the name of the CSI driver that handles this volume. Consult with your admin for the correct name as registered in the cluster.

Optional:

- `fs_type` (String) fsType to mount. Ex. 'ext4', 'xfs', 'ntfs'. If not provided, the empty value is passed to the associated CSI driver which will determine the default filesystem to apply.
- `node_publish_secret_ref` (Attributes) nodePublishSecretRef is a reference to the secret object containing sensitive information to pass to the CSI driver to complete the CSI NodePublishVolume and NodeUnpublishVolume calls. This field is optional, and  may be empty if no secret is required. If the secret object contains more than one secret, all secret references are passed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--csi--node_publish_secret_ref))
- `read_only` (Boolean) readOnly specifies a read-only configuration for the volume. Defaults to false (read/write).
- `volume_attributes` (Map of String) volumeAttributes stores driver-specific properties that are passed to the CSI driver. Consult your driver's documentation for supported values.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--csi--node_publish_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.csi.volume_attributes`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?



<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--downward_api"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.downward_api`

Optional:

- `default_mode` (Number) Optional: mode bits to use on created files by default. Must be a Optional: mode bits used to set permissions on created files by default. Must be an octal value between 0000 and 0777 or a decimal value between 0 and 511. YAML accepts both octal and decimal values, JSON requires decimal values for mode bits. Defaults to 0644. Directories within the path are not affected by this setting. This might be in conflict with other options that affect the file mode, like fsGroup, and the result can be other mode bits set.
- `items` (Attributes List) Items is a list of downward API volume file (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--downward_api--items))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--downward_api--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.downward_api.items`

Required:

- `path` (String) Required: Path is  the relative path name of the file to be created. Must not be absolute or contain the '..' path. Must be utf-8 encoded. The first item of the relative path must not start with '..'

Optional:

- `field_ref` (Attributes) Required: Selects a field of the pod: only annotations, labels, name and namespace are supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--downward_api--items--field_ref))
- `mode` (Number) Optional: mode bits used to set permissions on this file, must be an octal value between 0000 and 0777 or a decimal value between 0 and 511. YAML accepts both octal and decimal values, JSON requires decimal values for mode bits. If not specified, the volume defaultMode will be used. This might be in conflict with other options that affect the file mode, like fsGroup, and the result can be other mode bits set.
- `resource_field_ref` (Attributes) Selects a resource of the container: only resources limits and requests (limits.cpu, limits.memory, requests.cpu and requests.memory) are currently supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--downward_api--items--resource_field_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--downward_api--items--field_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.downward_api.items.resource_field_ref`

Required:

- `field_path` (String) Path of the field to select in the specified API version.

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) Version of the schema the FieldPath is written in terms of, defaults to 'v1'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--downward_api--items--resource_field_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.downward_api.items.resource_field_ref`

Required:

- `resource` (String) Required: resource to select

Optional:

- `container_name` (String) Container name: required for volumes, optional for env vars
- `divisor` (String) Specifies the output format of the exposed resources, defaults to '1'




<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--empty_dir"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.empty_dir`

Optional:

- `medium` (String) medium represents what type of storage medium should back this directory. The default is '' which means to use the node's default medium. Must be an empty string (default) or Memory. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#emptydir
- `size_limit` (String) sizeLimit is the total amount of local storage required for this EmptyDir volume. The size limit is also applicable for memory medium. The maximum usage on memory medium EmptyDir would be the minimum value between the SizeLimit specified here and the sum of memory limits of all containers in a pod. The default is nil which means that the limit is undefined. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#emptydir


<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--ephemeral"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.ephemeral`

Optional:

- `volume_claim_template` (Attributes) Will be used to create a stand-alone PVC to provision the volume. The pod in which this EphemeralVolumeSource is embedded will be the owner of the PVC, i.e. the PVC will be deleted together with the pod.  The name of the PVC will be '<pod name>-<volume name>' where '<volume name>' is the name from the 'PodSpec.Volumes' array entry. Pod validation will reject the pod if the concatenated name is not valid for a PVC (for example, too long).  An existing PVC with that name that is not owned by the pod will *not* be used for the pod to avoid using an unrelated volume by mistake. Starting the pod is then blocked until the unrelated PVC is removed. If such a pre-created PVC is meant to be used by the pod, the PVC has to updated with an owner reference to the pod once the pod exists. Normally this should not be necessary, but it may be useful when manually reconstructing a broken cluster.  This field is read-only and no changes will be made by Kubernetes to the PVC after it has been created.  Required, must not be nil. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--ephemeral--volume_claim_template))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--ephemeral--volume_claim_template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.ephemeral.volume_claim_template`

Required:

- `spec` (Attributes) The specification for the PersistentVolumeClaim. The entire content is copied unchanged into the PVC that gets created from this template. The same fields as in a PersistentVolumeClaim are also valid here. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--ephemeral--volume_claim_template--spec))

Optional:

- `metadata` (Map of String) May contain labels and annotations that will be copied into the PVC when creating it. No other fields are allowed and will be rejected during validation.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--ephemeral--volume_claim_template--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.ephemeral.volume_claim_template.metadata`

Optional:

- `access_modes` (List of String) accessModes contains the desired access modes the volume should have. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#access-modes-1
- `data_source` (Attributes) dataSource field can be used to specify either: * An existing VolumeSnapshot object (snapshot.storage.k8s.io/VolumeSnapshot) * An existing PVC (PersistentVolumeClaim) If the provisioner or an external controller can support the specified data source, it will create a new volume based on the contents of the specified data source. When the AnyVolumeDataSource feature gate is enabled, dataSource contents will be copied to dataSourceRef, and dataSourceRef contents will be copied to dataSource when dataSourceRef.namespace is not specified. If the namespace is specified, then dataSourceRef will not be copied to dataSource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--ephemeral--volume_claim_template--metadata--data_source))
- `data_source_ref` (Attributes) dataSourceRef specifies the object from which to populate the volume with data, if a non-empty volume is desired. This may be any object from a non-empty API group (non core object) or a PersistentVolumeClaim object. When this field is specified, volume binding will only succeed if the type of the specified object matches some installed volume populator or dynamic provisioner. This field will replace the functionality of the dataSource field and as such if both fields are non-empty, they must have the same value. For backwards compatibility, when namespace isn't specified in dataSourceRef, both fields (dataSource and dataSourceRef) will be set to the same value automatically if one of them is empty and the other is non-empty. When namespace is specified in dataSourceRef, dataSource isn't set to the same value and must be empty. There are three important differences between dataSource and dataSourceRef: * While dataSource only allows two specific types of objects, dataSourceRef allows any non-core object, as well as PersistentVolumeClaim objects. * While dataSource ignores disallowed values (dropping them), dataSourceRef preserves all values, and generates an error if a disallowed value is specified. * While dataSource only allows local objects, dataSourceRef allows objects in any namespaces. (Beta) Using this field requires the AnyVolumeDataSource feature gate to be enabled. (Alpha) Using the namespace field of dataSourceRef requires the CrossNamespaceVolumeDataSource feature gate to be enabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--ephemeral--volume_claim_template--metadata--data_source_ref))
- `resources` (Attributes) resources represents the minimum resources the volume should have. If RecoverVolumeExpansionFailure feature is enabled users are allowed to specify resource requirements that are lower than previous value but must still be higher than capacity recorded in the status field of the claim. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#resources (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--ephemeral--volume_claim_template--metadata--resources))
- `selector` (Attributes) selector is a label query over volumes to consider for binding. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--ephemeral--volume_claim_template--metadata--selector))
- `storage_class_name` (String) storageClassName is the name of the StorageClass required by the claim. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#class-1
- `volume_mode` (String) volumeMode defines what type of volume is required by the claim. Value of Filesystem is implied when not included in claim spec.
- `volume_name` (String) volumeName is the binding reference to the PersistentVolume backing this claim.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--ephemeral--volume_claim_template--metadata--data_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.ephemeral.volume_claim_template.metadata.volume_name`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind is the type of resource being referenced
- `name` (String) Name is the name of resource being referenced

Optional:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup is the group for the resource being referenced. If APIGroup is not specified, the specified Kind must be in the core API group. For any other third-party types, APIGroup is required.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--ephemeral--volume_claim_template--metadata--data_source_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.ephemeral.volume_claim_template.metadata.volume_name`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind is the type of resource being referenced
- `name` (String) Name is the name of resource being referenced

Optional:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup is the group for the resource being referenced. If APIGroup is not specified, the specified Kind must be in the core API group. For any other third-party types, APIGroup is required.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of resource being referenced Note that when a namespace is specified, a gateway.networking.k8s.io/ReferenceGrant object is required in the referent namespace to allow that namespace's owner to accept the reference. See the ReferenceGrant documentation for details. (Alpha) This field requires the CrossNamespaceVolumeDataSource feature gate to be enabled.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--ephemeral--volume_claim_template--metadata--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.ephemeral.volume_claim_template.metadata.volume_name`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims, that are used by this container.  This is an alpha field and requires enabling the DynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.  This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--ephemeral--volume_claim_template--metadata--volume_name--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--ephemeral--volume_claim_template--metadata--volume_name--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.ephemeral.volume_claim_template.metadata.volume_name.claims`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims of the Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource available inside a container.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--ephemeral--volume_claim_template--metadata--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.ephemeral.volume_claim_template.metadata.volume_name`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--ephemeral--volume_claim_template--metadata--volume_name--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--ephemeral--volume_claim_template--metadata--volume_name--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.ephemeral.volume_claim_template.metadata.volume_name.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.






<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--fc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.fc`

Optional:

- `fs_type` (String) fsType is the filesystem type to mount. Must be a filesystem type supported by the host operating system. Ex. 'ext4', 'xfs', 'ntfs'. Implicitly inferred to be 'ext4' if unspecified. TODO: how do we prevent errors in the filesystem from compromising the machine
- `lun` (Number) lun is Optional: FC target lun number
- `read_only` (Boolean) readOnly is Optional: Defaults to false (read/write). ReadOnly here will force the ReadOnly setting in VolumeMounts.
- `target_ww_ns` (List of String) targetWWNs is Optional: FC target worldwide names (WWNs)
- `wwids` (List of String) wwids Optional: FC volume world wide identifiers (wwids) Either wwids or combination of targetWWNs and lun must be set, but not both simultaneously.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--flex_volume"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.flex_volume`

Required:

- `driver` (String) driver is the name of the driver to use for this volume.

Optional:

- `fs_type` (String) fsType is the filesystem type to mount. Must be a filesystem type supported by the host operating system. Ex. 'ext4', 'xfs', 'ntfs'. The default filesystem depends on FlexVolume script.
- `options` (Map of String) options is Optional: this field holds extra command options if any.
- `read_only` (Boolean) readOnly is Optional: defaults to false (read/write). ReadOnly here will force the ReadOnly setting in VolumeMounts.
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) secretRef is Optional: secretRef is reference to the secret object containing sensitive information to pass to the plugin scripts. This may be empty if no secret object is specified. If the secret object contains more than one secret, all secrets are passed to the plugin scripts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--flex_volume--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--flex_volume--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.flex_volume.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?



<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--flocker"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.flocker`

Optional:

- `dataset_name` (String) datasetName is Name of the dataset stored as metadata -> name on the dataset for Flocker should be considered as deprecated
- `dataset_uuid` (String) datasetUUID is the UUID of the dataset. This is unique identifier of a Flocker dataset


<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--gce_persistent_disk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.gce_persistent_disk`

Required:

- `pd_name` (String) pdName is unique name of the PD resource in GCE. Used to identify the disk in GCE. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#gcepersistentdisk

Optional:

- `fs_type` (String) fsType is filesystem type of the volume that you want to mount. Tip: Ensure that the filesystem type is supported by the host operating system. Examples: 'ext4', 'xfs', 'ntfs'. Implicitly inferred to be 'ext4' if unspecified. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#gcepersistentdisk TODO: how do we prevent errors in the filesystem from compromising the machine
- `partition` (Number) partition is the partition in the volume that you want to mount. If omitted, the default is to mount by volume name. Examples: For volume /dev/sda1, you specify the partition as '1'. Similarly, the volume partition for /dev/sda is '0' (or you can leave the property empty). More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#gcepersistentdisk
- `read_only` (Boolean) readOnly here will force the ReadOnly setting in VolumeMounts. Defaults to false. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#gcepersistentdisk


<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--git_repo"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.git_repo`

Required:

- `repository` (String) repository is the URL

Optional:

- `directory` (String) directory is the target directory name. Must not contain or start with '..'.  If '.' is supplied, the volume directory will be the git repository.  Otherwise, if specified, the volume will contain the git repository in the subdirectory with the given name.
- `revision` (String) revision is the commit hash for the specified revision.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--glusterfs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.glusterfs`

Required:

- `endpoints` (String) endpoints is the endpoint name that details Glusterfs topology. More info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/glusterfs/README.md#create-a-pod
- `path` (String) path is the Glusterfs volume path. More info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/glusterfs/README.md#create-a-pod

Optional:

- `read_only` (Boolean) readOnly here will force the Glusterfs volume to be mounted with read-only permissions. Defaults to false. More info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/glusterfs/README.md#create-a-pod


<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--host_path"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.host_path`

Required:

- `path` (String) path of the directory on the host. If the path is a symlink, it will follow the link to the real path. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#hostpath

Optional:

- `type` (String) type for HostPath Volume Defaults to '' More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#hostpath


<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--iscsi"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.iscsi`

Required:

- `iqn` (String) iqn is the target iSCSI Qualified Name.
- `lun` (Number) lun represents iSCSI Target Lun number.
- `target_portal` (String) targetPortal is iSCSI Target Portal. The Portal is either an IP or ip_addr:port if the port is other than default (typically TCP ports 860 and 3260).

Optional:

- `chap_auth_discovery` (Boolean) chapAuthDiscovery defines whether support iSCSI Discovery CHAP authentication
- `chap_auth_session` (Boolean) chapAuthSession defines whether support iSCSI Session CHAP authentication
- `fs_type` (String) fsType is the filesystem type of the volume that you want to mount. Tip: Ensure that the filesystem type is supported by the host operating system. Examples: 'ext4', 'xfs', 'ntfs'. Implicitly inferred to be 'ext4' if unspecified. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#iscsi TODO: how do we prevent errors in the filesystem from compromising the machine
- `initiator_name` (String) initiatorName is the custom iSCSI Initiator Name. If initiatorName is specified with iscsiInterface simultaneously, new iSCSI interface <target portal>:<volume name> will be created for the connection.
- `iscsi_interface` (String) iscsiInterface is the interface Name that uses an iSCSI transport. Defaults to 'default' (tcp).
- `portals` (List of String) portals is the iSCSI Target Portal List. The portal is either an IP or ip_addr:port if the port is other than default (typically TCP ports 860 and 3260).
- `read_only` (Boolean) readOnly here will force the ReadOnly setting in VolumeMounts. Defaults to false.
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) secretRef is the CHAP Secret for iSCSI target and initiator authentication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--iscsi--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--iscsi--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.iscsi.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?



<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--nfs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.nfs`

Required:

- `path` (String) path that is exported by the NFS server. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#nfs
- `server` (String) server is the hostname or IP address of the NFS server. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#nfs

Optional:

- `read_only` (Boolean) readOnly here will force the NFS export to be mounted with read-only permissions. Defaults to false. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#nfs


<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--persistent_volume_claim"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.persistent_volume_claim`

Required:

- `claim_name` (String) claimName is the name of a PersistentVolumeClaim in the same namespace as the pod using this volume. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#persistentvolumeclaims

Optional:

- `read_only` (Boolean) readOnly Will force the ReadOnly setting in VolumeMounts. Default false.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--photon_persistent_disk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.photon_persistent_disk`

Required:

- `pd_id` (String) pdID is the ID that identifies Photon Controller persistent disk

Optional:

- `fs_type` (String) fsType is the filesystem type to mount. Must be a filesystem type supported by the host operating system. Ex. 'ext4', 'xfs', 'ntfs'. Implicitly inferred to be 'ext4' if unspecified.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--portworx_volume"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.portworx_volume`

Required:

- `volume_id` (String) volumeID uniquely identifies a Portworx volume

Optional:

- `fs_type` (String) fSType represents the filesystem type to mount Must be a filesystem type supported by the host operating system. Ex. 'ext4', 'xfs'. Implicitly inferred to be 'ext4' if unspecified.
- `read_only` (Boolean) readOnly defaults to false (read/write). ReadOnly here will force the ReadOnly setting in VolumeMounts.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--projected"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.projected`

Optional:

- `default_mode` (Number) defaultMode are the mode bits used to set permissions on created files by default. Must be an octal value between 0000 and 0777 or a decimal value between 0 and 511. YAML accepts both octal and decimal values, JSON requires decimal values for mode bits. Directories within the path are not affected by this setting. This might be in conflict with other options that affect the file mode, like fsGroup, and the result can be other mode bits set.
- `sources` (Attributes List) sources is the list of volume projections (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--projected--sources))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--projected--sources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.projected.sources`

Optional:

- `config_map` (Attributes) configMap information about the configMap data to project (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--projected--sources--config_map))
- `downward_api` (Attributes) downwardAPI information about the downwardAPI data to project (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--projected--sources--downward_api))
- `secret` (Attributes) secret information about the secret data to project (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--projected--sources--secret))
- `service_account_token` (Attributes) serviceAccountToken is information about the serviceAccountToken data to project (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--projected--sources--service_account_token))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--projected--sources--config_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.projected.sources.service_account_token`

Optional:

- `items` (Attributes List) items if unspecified, each key-value pair in the Data field of the referenced ConfigMap will be projected into the volume as a file whose name is the key and content is the value. If specified, the listed keys will be projected into the specified paths, and unlisted keys will not be present. If a key is specified which is not present in the ConfigMap, the volume setup will error unless it is marked optional. Paths must be relative and may not contain the '..' path or start with '..'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--projected--sources--service_account_token--items))
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) optional specify whether the ConfigMap or its keys must be defined

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--projected--sources--service_account_token--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.projected.sources.service_account_token.optional`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the key to project.
- `path` (String) path is the relative path of the file to map the key to. May not be an absolute path. May not contain the path element '..'. May not start with the string '..'.

Optional:

- `mode` (Number) mode is Optional: mode bits used to set permissions on this file. Must be an octal value between 0000 and 0777 or a decimal value between 0 and 511. YAML accepts both octal and decimal values, JSON requires decimal values for mode bits. If not specified, the volume defaultMode will be used. This might be in conflict with other options that affect the file mode, like fsGroup, and the result can be other mode bits set.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--projected--sources--downward_api"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.projected.sources.service_account_token`

Optional:

- `items` (Attributes List) Items is a list of DownwardAPIVolume file (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--projected--sources--service_account_token--items))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--projected--sources--service_account_token--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.projected.sources.service_account_token.items`

Required:

- `path` (String) Required: Path is  the relative path name of the file to be created. Must not be absolute or contain the '..' path. Must be utf-8 encoded. The first item of the relative path must not start with '..'

Optional:

- `field_ref` (Attributes) Required: Selects a field of the pod: only annotations, labels, name and namespace are supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--projected--sources--service_account_token--items--field_ref))
- `mode` (Number) Optional: mode bits used to set permissions on this file, must be an octal value between 0000 and 0777 or a decimal value between 0 and 511. YAML accepts both octal and decimal values, JSON requires decimal values for mode bits. If not specified, the volume defaultMode will be used. This might be in conflict with other options that affect the file mode, like fsGroup, and the result can be other mode bits set.
- `resource_field_ref` (Attributes) Selects a resource of the container: only resources limits and requests (limits.cpu, limits.memory, requests.cpu and requests.memory) are currently supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--projected--sources--service_account_token--items--resource_field_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--projected--sources--service_account_token--items--field_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.projected.sources.service_account_token.items.field_ref`

Required:

- `field_path` (String) Path of the field to select in the specified API version.

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) Version of the schema the FieldPath is written in terms of, defaults to 'v1'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--projected--sources--service_account_token--items--resource_field_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.projected.sources.service_account_token.items.resource_field_ref`

Required:

- `resource` (String) Required: resource to select

Optional:

- `container_name` (String) Container name: required for volumes, optional for env vars
- `divisor` (String) Specifies the output format of the exposed resources, defaults to '1'




<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--projected--sources--secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.projected.sources.service_account_token`

Optional:

- `items` (Attributes List) items if unspecified, each key-value pair in the Data field of the referenced Secret will be projected into the volume as a file whose name is the key and content is the value. If specified, the listed keys will be projected into the specified paths, and unlisted keys will not be present. If a key is specified which is not present in the Secret, the volume setup will error unless it is marked optional. Paths must be relative and may not contain the '..' path or start with '..'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--projected--sources--service_account_token--items))
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) optional field specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--projected--sources--service_account_token--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.projected.sources.service_account_token.optional`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the key to project.
- `path` (String) path is the relative path of the file to map the key to. May not be an absolute path. May not contain the path element '..'. May not start with the string '..'.

Optional:

- `mode` (Number) mode is Optional: mode bits used to set permissions on this file. Must be an octal value between 0000 and 0777 or a decimal value between 0 and 511. YAML accepts both octal and decimal values, JSON requires decimal values for mode bits. If not specified, the volume defaultMode will be used. This might be in conflict with other options that affect the file mode, like fsGroup, and the result can be other mode bits set.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--projected--sources--service_account_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.projected.sources.service_account_token`

Required:

- `path` (String) path is the path relative to the mount point of the file to project the token into.

Optional:

- `audience` (String) audience is the intended audience of the token. A recipient of a token must identify itself with an identifier specified in the audience of the token, and otherwise should reject the token. The audience defaults to the identifier of the apiserver.
- `expiration_seconds` (Number) expirationSeconds is the requested duration of validity of the service account token. As the token approaches expiration, the kubelet volume plugin will proactively rotate the service account token. The kubelet will start trying to rotate the token if the token is older than 80 percent of its time to live or if the token is older than 24 hours.Defaults to 1 hour and must be at least 10 minutes.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--quobyte"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.quobyte`

Required:

- `registry` (String) registry represents a single or multiple Quobyte Registry services specified as a string as host:port pair (multiple entries are separated with commas) which acts as the central registry for volumes
- `volume` (String) volume is a string that references an already created Quobyte volume by name.

Optional:

- `group` (String) group to map volume access to Default is no group
- `read_only` (Boolean) readOnly here will force the Quobyte volume to be mounted with read-only permissions. Defaults to false.
- `tenant` (String) tenant owning the given Quobyte volume in the Backend Used with dynamically provisioned Quobyte volumes, value is set by the plugin
- `user` (String) user to map volume access to Defaults to serivceaccount user


<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--rbd"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.rbd`

Required:

- `image` (String) image is the rados image name. More info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/rbd/README.md#how-to-use-it
- `monitors` (List of String) monitors is a collection of Ceph monitors. More info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/rbd/README.md#how-to-use-it

Optional:

- `fs_type` (String) fsType is the filesystem type of the volume that you want to mount. Tip: Ensure that the filesystem type is supported by the host operating system. Examples: 'ext4', 'xfs', 'ntfs'. Implicitly inferred to be 'ext4' if unspecified. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#rbd TODO: how do we prevent errors in the filesystem from compromising the machine
- `keyring` (String) keyring is the path to key ring for RBDUser. Default is /etc/ceph/keyring. More info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/rbd/README.md#how-to-use-it
- `pool` (String) pool is the rados pool name. Default is rbd. More info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/rbd/README.md#how-to-use-it
- `read_only` (Boolean) readOnly here will force the ReadOnly setting in VolumeMounts. Defaults to false. More info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/rbd/README.md#how-to-use-it
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) secretRef is name of the authentication secret for RBDUser. If provided overrides keyring. Default is nil. More info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/rbd/README.md#how-to-use-it (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--rbd--secret_ref))
- `user` (String) user is the rados user name. Default is admin. More info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/rbd/README.md#how-to-use-it

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--rbd--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.rbd.user`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?



<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--scale_io"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.scale_io`

Required:

- `gateway` (String) gateway is the host address of the ScaleIO API Gateway.
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) secretRef references to the secret for ScaleIO user and other sensitive information. If this is not provided, Login operation will fail. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--scale_io--secret_ref))
- `system` (String) system is the name of the storage system as configured in ScaleIO.

Optional:

- `fs_type` (String) fsType is the filesystem type to mount. Must be a filesystem type supported by the host operating system. Ex. 'ext4', 'xfs', 'ntfs'. Default is 'xfs'.
- `protection_domain` (String) protectionDomain is the name of the ScaleIO Protection Domain for the configured storage.
- `read_only` (Boolean) readOnly Defaults to false (read/write). ReadOnly here will force the ReadOnly setting in VolumeMounts.
- `ssl_enabled` (Boolean) sslEnabled Flag enable/disable SSL communication with Gateway, default false
- `storage_mode` (String) storageMode indicates whether the storage for a volume should be ThickProvisioned or ThinProvisioned. Default is ThinProvisioned.
- `storage_pool` (String) storagePool is the ScaleIO Storage Pool associated with the protection domain.
- `volume_name` (String) volumeName is the name of a volume already created in the ScaleIO system that is associated with this volume source.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--scale_io--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.scale_io.volume_name`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?



<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.secret`

Optional:

- `default_mode` (Number) defaultMode is Optional: mode bits used to set permissions on created files by default. Must be an octal value between 0000 and 0777 or a decimal value between 0 and 511. YAML accepts both octal and decimal values, JSON requires decimal values for mode bits. Defaults to 0644. Directories within the path are not affected by this setting. This might be in conflict with other options that affect the file mode, like fsGroup, and the result can be other mode bits set.
- `items` (Attributes List) items If unspecified, each key-value pair in the Data field of the referenced Secret will be projected into the volume as a file whose name is the key and content is the value. If specified, the listed keys will be projected into the specified paths, and unlisted keys will not be present. If a key is specified which is not present in the Secret, the volume setup will error unless it is marked optional. Paths must be relative and may not contain the '..' path or start with '..'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--secret--items))
- `optional` (Boolean) optional field specify whether the Secret or its keys must be defined
- `secret_name` (String) secretName is the name of the secret in the pod's namespace to use. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#secret

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--secret--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.secret.secret_name`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the key to project.
- `path` (String) path is the relative path of the file to map the key to. May not be an absolute path. May not contain the path element '..'. May not start with the string '..'.

Optional:

- `mode` (Number) mode is Optional: mode bits used to set permissions on this file. Must be an octal value between 0000 and 0777 or a decimal value between 0 and 511. YAML accepts both octal and decimal values, JSON requires decimal values for mode bits. If not specified, the volume defaultMode will be used. This might be in conflict with other options that affect the file mode, like fsGroup, and the result can be other mode bits set.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--storageos"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.storageos`

Optional:

- `fs_type` (String) fsType is the filesystem type to mount. Must be a filesystem type supported by the host operating system. Ex. 'ext4', 'xfs', 'ntfs'. Implicitly inferred to be 'ext4' if unspecified.
- `read_only` (Boolean) readOnly defaults to false (read/write). ReadOnly here will force the ReadOnly setting in VolumeMounts.
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) secretRef specifies the secret to use for obtaining the StorageOS API credentials.  If not specified, default values will be attempted. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--storageos--secret_ref))
- `volume_name` (String) volumeName is the human-readable name of the StorageOS volume.  Volume names are only unique within a namespace.
- `volume_namespace` (String) volumeNamespace specifies the scope of the volume within StorageOS.  If no namespace is specified then the Pod's namespace will be used.  This allows the Kubernetes name scoping to be mirrored within StorageOS for tighter integration. Set VolumeName to any name to override the default behaviour. Set to 'default' if you are not using namespaces within StorageOS. Namespaces that do not pre-exist within StorageOS will be created.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--storageos--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.storageos.volume_namespace`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?



<a id="nestedatt--spec--runner_pod_template--spec--volumes--vsphere_volume"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_pod_template.spec.volumes.vsphere_volume`

Required:

- `volume_path` (String) volumePath is the path that identifies vSphere volume vmdk

Optional:

- `fs_type` (String) fsType is filesystem type to mount. Must be a filesystem type supported by the host operating system. Ex. 'ext4', 'xfs', 'ntfs'. Implicitly inferred to be 'ext4' if unspecified.
- `storage_policy_id` (String) storagePolicyID is the storage Policy Based Management (SPBM) profile ID associated with the StoragePolicyName.
- `storage_policy_name` (String) storagePolicyName is the storage Policy Based Management (SPBM) profile name.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--tfstate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tfstate`

Optional:

- `force_unlock` (String) ForceUnlock a Terraform state if it has become locked for any reason. Defaults to 'no'.  This is an Enum and has the expected values of:  - auto - yes - no  WARNING: Only use 'auto' in the cases where you are absolutely certain that no other system is using this state, you could otherwise end up in a bad place See https://www.terraform.io/language/state/locking#force-unlock for more information on the terraform state lock and force unlock.
- `lock_identifier` (String) LockIdentifier holds the Identifier required by Terraform to unlock the state if it ever gets into a locked state.  You'll need to put the Lock Identifier in here while setting ForceUnlock to either 'yes' or 'auto'.  Leave this empty to do nothing, set this to the value of the 'Lock Info: ID: [value]', e.g. 'f2ab685b-f84d-ac0b-a125-378a22877e8d', to force unlock the state.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--vars"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vars`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the variable

Optional:

- `value` (Map of String)
- `value_from` (Attributes) EnvVarSource represents a source for the value of an EnvVar. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vars--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--vars--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vars.value_from`

Optional:

- `config_map_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a ConfigMap. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vars--value_from--config_map_key_ref))
- `field_ref` (Attributes) Selects a field of the pod: supports metadata.name, metadata.namespace, 'metadata.labels['<KEY>']', 'metadata.annotations['<KEY>']', spec.nodeName, spec.serviceAccountName, status.hostIP, status.podIP, status.podIPs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vars--value_from--field_ref))
- `resource_field_ref` (Attributes) Selects a resource of the container: only resources limits and requests (limits.cpu, limits.memory, limits.ephemeral-storage, requests.cpu, requests.memory and requests.ephemeral-storage) are currently supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vars--value_from--resource_field_ref))
- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a secret in the pod's namespace (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vars--value_from--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--vars--value_from--config_map_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vars.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key to select.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the ConfigMap or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--vars--value_from--field_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vars.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `field_path` (String) Path of the field to select in the specified API version.

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) Version of the schema the FieldPath is written in terms of, defaults to 'v1'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--vars--value_from--resource_field_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vars.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `resource` (String) Required: resource to select

Optional:

- `container_name` (String) Container name: required for volumes, optional for env vars
- `divisor` (String) Specifies the output format of the exposed resources, defaults to '1'


<a id="nestedatt--spec--vars--value_from--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vars.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined




<a id="nestedatt--spec--vars_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vars_from`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind of the values referent, valid values are ('Secret', 'ConfigMap').
- `name` (String) Name of the values referent. Should reside in the same namespace as the referring resource.

Optional:

- `optional` (Boolean) Optional marks this VarsReference as optional. When set, a not found error for the values reference is ignored, but any VarsKey or transient error will still result in a reconciliation failure.
- `vars_keys` (List of String) VarsKeys is the data key at which a specific value can be found. Defaults to all keys.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--webhooks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.webhooks`

Required:

- `stage` (String)
- `url` (String)

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `error_message_template` (String)
- `payload_type` (String)
- `test_expression` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--write_outputs_to_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.write_outputs_to_secret`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the Secret to be written

Optional:

- `outputs` (List of String) Outputs contain the selected names of outputs to be written to the secret. Empty array means writing all outputs, which is default.
