---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_ingress_operator_openshift_io_dns_record_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "ingress.operator.openshift.io"
description: |-
  DNSRecord is a DNS record managed in the zones defined by dns.config.openshift.io/cluster .spec.publicZone and .spec.privateZone.  Cluster admin manipulation of this resource is not supported. This resource is only for internal communication of OpenShift operators.  If DNSManagementPolicy is 'Unmanaged', the operator will not be responsible for managing the DNS records on the cloud provider.  Compatibility level 1: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 12 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).
---

# k8s_ingress_operator_openshift_io_dns_record_v1_manifest (Data Source)

DNSRecord is a DNS record managed in the zones defined by dns.config.openshift.io/cluster .spec.publicZone and .spec.privateZone.  Cluster admin manipulation of this resource is not supported. This resource is only for internal communication of OpenShift operators.  If DNSManagementPolicy is 'Unmanaged', the operator will not be responsible for managing the DNS records on the cloud provider.  Compatibility level 1: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 12 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_ingress_operator_openshift_io_dns_record_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) spec is the specification of the desired behavior of the dnsRecord. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `dns_management_policy` (String) dnsManagementPolicy denotes the current policy applied on the DNS record. Records that have policy set as 'Unmanaged' are ignored by the ingress operator.  This means that the DNS record on the cloud provider is not managed by the operator, and the 'Published' status condition will be updated to 'Unknown' status, since it is externally managed. Any existing record on the cloud provider can be deleted at the discretion of the cluster admin.  This field defaults to Managed. Valid values are 'Managed' and 'Unmanaged'.
- `dns_name` (String) dnsName is the hostname of the DNS record
- `record_ttl` (Number) recordTTL is the record TTL in seconds. If zero, the default is 30. RecordTTL will not be used in AWS regions Alias targets, but will be used in CNAME targets, per AWS API contract.
- `record_type` (String) recordType is the DNS record type. For example, 'A' or 'CNAME'.
- `targets` (List of String) targets are record targets.
