---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_insights_openshift_io_data_gather_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "insights.openshift.io"
description: |-
  DataGather provides data gather configuration options and status for the particular Insights data gathering.  Compatibility level 4: No compatibility is provided, the API can change at any point for any reason. These capabilities should not be used by applications needing long term support.
---

# k8s_insights_openshift_io_data_gather_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

DataGather provides data gather configuration options and status for the particular Insights data gathering.  Compatibility level 4: No compatibility is provided, the API can change at any point for any reason. These capabilities should not be used by applications needing long term support.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_insights_openshift_io_data_gather_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) spec holds user settable values for configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `data_policy` (String) dataPolicy allows user to enable additional global obfuscation of the IP addresses and base domain in the Insights archive data. Valid values are 'ClearText' and 'ObfuscateNetworking'. When set to ClearText the data is not obfuscated. When set to ObfuscateNetworking the IP addresses and the cluster domain name are obfuscated. When omitted, this means no opinion and the platform is left to choose a reasonable default, which is subject to change over time. The current default is ClearText.
- `gatherers` (Attributes List) gatherers is a list of gatherers configurations. The particular gatherers IDs can be found at https://github.com/openshift/insights-operator/blob/master/docs/gathered-data.md. Run the following command to get the names of last active gatherers: 'oc get insightsoperators.operator.openshift.io cluster -o json | jq '.status.gatherStatus.gatherers[].name'' (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--gatherers))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--gatherers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.gatherers`

Required:

- `name` (String) name is the name of specific gatherer

Optional:

- `state` (String) state allows you to configure specific gatherer. Valid values are 'Enabled', 'Disabled' and omitted. When omitted, this means no opinion and the platform is left to choose a reasonable default. The current default is Enabled.
