---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_integration_rock8s_com_plug_v1beta1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "integration.rock8s.com"
description: |-
  Plug is the Schema for the plugs API
---

# k8s_integration_rock8s_com_plug_v1beta1_manifest (Data Source)

Plug is the Schema for the plugs API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_integration_rock8s_com_plug_v1beta1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) PlugSpec defines the desired state of Plug (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `apparatus` (Attributes) apparatus (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--apparatus))
- `config` (Map of String) config
- `config_config_map_name` (String) config configmap name
- `config_secret_name` (String) config secret name
- `config_template` (Map of String) config template
- `data` (Map of String) data
- `data_config_map_name` (String) data configmap name
- `data_secret_name` (String) data secret name
- `epoch` (String) change epoch to force an update
- `resources` (Attributes List) resources (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources))
- `result` (Map of String) result
- `result_config_map_name` (String) result configmap name
- `result_resources` (Attributes List) result resources (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--result_resources))
- `result_secret_name` (String) result secret name
- `result_template` (Map of String) result template
- `result_vars` (Attributes List) result vars (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--result_vars))
- `service_account_name` (String) ServiceAccountName is the name of the ServiceAccount to use to run integrations. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-service-account/
- `socket` (Attributes) socket (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--socket))
- `vars` (Attributes List) vars (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vars))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--apparatus"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.apparatus`

Required:

- `containers` (Attributes List) List of containers belonging to the apparatus. Containers cannot currently be added or removed. There must be at least one container in an apparatus. Cannot be updated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers))

Optional:

- `endpoint` (String) endpoint
- `idle_timeout` (Number) terminate apparatus after idle for timeout in milliseconds

<a id="nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.apparatus.containers`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the container specified as a DNS_LABEL. Each container in a pod must have a unique name (DNS_LABEL). Cannot be updated.

Optional:

- `args` (List of String) Arguments to the entrypoint. The container image's CMD is used if this is not provided. Variable references $(VAR_NAME) are expanded using the container's environment. If a variable cannot be resolved, the reference in the input string will be unchanged. Double $$ are reduced to a single $, which allows for escaping the $(VAR_NAME) syntax: i.e. '$$(VAR_NAME)' will produce the string literal '$(VAR_NAME)'. Escaped references will never be expanded, regardless of whether the variable exists or not. Cannot be updated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/define-command-argument-container/#running-a-command-in-a-shell
- `command` (List of String) Entrypoint array. Not executed within a shell. The container image's ENTRYPOINT is used if this is not provided. Variable references $(VAR_NAME) are expanded using the container's environment. If a variable cannot be resolved, the reference in the input string will be unchanged. Double $$ are reduced to a single $, which allows for escaping the $(VAR_NAME) syntax: i.e. '$$(VAR_NAME)' will produce the string literal '$(VAR_NAME)'. Escaped references will never be expanded, regardless of whether the variable exists or not. Cannot be updated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/define-command-argument-container/#running-a-command-in-a-shell
- `env` (Attributes List) List of environment variables to set in the container. Cannot be updated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--env))
- `env_from` (Attributes List) List of sources to populate environment variables in the container. The keys defined within a source must be a C_IDENTIFIER. All invalid keys will be reported as an event when the container is starting. When a key exists in multiple sources, the value associated with the last source will take precedence. Values defined by an Env with a duplicate key will take precedence. Cannot be updated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--env_from))
- `image` (String) Container image name. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images This field is optional to allow higher level config management to default or override container images in workload controllers like Deployments and StatefulSets.
- `image_pull_policy` (String) Image pull policy. One of Always, Never, IfNotPresent. Defaults to Always if :latest tag is specified, or IfNotPresent otherwise. Cannot be updated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images#updating-images
- `lifecycle` (Attributes) Actions that the management system should take in response to container lifecycle events. Cannot be updated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--lifecycle))
- `liveness_probe` (Attributes) Periodic probe of container liveness. Container will be restarted if the probe fails. Cannot be updated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle#container-probes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--liveness_probe))
- `ports` (Attributes List) List of ports to expose from the container. Not specifying a port here DOES NOT prevent that port from being exposed. Any port which is listening on the default '0.0.0.0' address inside a container will be accessible from the network. Modifying this array with strategic merge patch may corrupt the data. For more information See https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/108255. Cannot be updated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--ports))
- `readiness_probe` (Attributes) Periodic probe of container service readiness. Container will be removed from service endpoints if the probe fails. Cannot be updated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle#container-probes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--readiness_probe))
- `resources` (Attributes) Compute Resources required by this container. Cannot be updated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/ (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--resources))
- `security_context` (Attributes) SecurityContext defines the security options the container should be run with. If set, the fields of SecurityContext override the equivalent fields of PodSecurityContext. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/ (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--security_context))
- `startup_probe` (Attributes) StartupProbe indicates that the Pod has successfully initialized. If specified, no other probes are executed until this completes successfully. If this probe fails, the Pod will be restarted, just as if the livenessProbe failed. This can be used to provide different probe parameters at the beginning of a Pod's lifecycle, when it might take a long time to load data or warm a cache, than during steady-state operation. This cannot be updated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle#container-probes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--startup_probe))
- `stdin` (Boolean) Whether this container should allocate a buffer for stdin in the container runtime. If this is not set, reads from stdin in the container will always result in EOF. Default is false.
- `stdin_once` (Boolean) Whether the container runtime should close the stdin channel after it has been opened by a single attach. When stdin is true the stdin stream will remain open across multiple attach sessions. If stdinOnce is set to true, stdin is opened on container start, is empty until the first client attaches to stdin, and then remains open and accepts data until the client disconnects, at which time stdin is closed and remains closed until the container is restarted. If this flag is false, a container processes that reads from stdin will never receive an EOF. Default is false
- `termination_message_path` (String) Optional: Path at which the file to which the container's termination message will be written is mounted into the container's filesystem. Message written is intended to be brief final status, such as an assertion failure message. Will be truncated by the node if greater than 4096 bytes. The total message length across all containers will be limited to 12kb. Defaults to /dev/termination-log. Cannot be updated.
- `termination_message_policy` (String) Indicate how the termination message should be populated. File will use the contents of terminationMessagePath to populate the container status message on both success and failure. FallbackToLogsOnError will use the last chunk of container log output if the termination message file is empty and the container exited with an error. The log output is limited to 2048 bytes or 80 lines, whichever is smaller. Defaults to File. Cannot be updated.
- `tty` (Boolean) Whether this container should allocate a TTY for itself, also requires 'stdin' to be true. Default is false.
- `volume_devices` (Attributes List) volumeDevices is the list of block devices to be used by the container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--volume_devices))
- `volume_mounts` (Attributes List) Pod volumes to mount into the container's filesystem. Cannot be updated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--volume_mounts))
- `working_dir` (String) Container's working directory. If not specified, the container runtime's default will be used, which might be configured in the container image. Cannot be updated.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--env"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.apparatus.containers.env`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the environment variable. Must be a C_IDENTIFIER.

Optional:

- `value` (String) Variable references $(VAR_NAME) are expanded using the previously defined environment variables in the container and any service environment variables. If a variable cannot be resolved, the reference in the input string will be unchanged. Double $$ are reduced to a single $, which allows for escaping the $(VAR_NAME) syntax: i.e. '$$(VAR_NAME)' will produce the string literal '$(VAR_NAME)'. Escaped references will never be expanded, regardless of whether the variable exists or not. Defaults to ''.
- `value_from` (Attributes) Source for the environment variable's value. Cannot be used if value is not empty. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--env--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--env--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.apparatus.containers.env.value_from`

Optional:

- `config_map_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a ConfigMap. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--env--value_from--config_map_key_ref))
- `field_ref` (Attributes) Selects a field of the pod: supports metadata.name, metadata.namespace, 'metadata.labels['<KEY>']', 'metadata.annotations['<KEY>']', spec.nodeName, spec.serviceAccountName, status.hostIP, status.podIP, status.podIPs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--env--value_from--field_ref))
- `resource_field_ref` (Attributes) Selects a resource of the container: only resources limits and requests (limits.cpu, limits.memory, limits.ephemeral-storage, requests.cpu, requests.memory and requests.ephemeral-storage) are currently supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--env--value_from--resource_field_ref))
- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a secret in the pod's namespace (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--env--value_from--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--env--value_from--config_map_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.apparatus.containers.env.value_from.config_map_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key to select.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the ConfigMap or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--env--value_from--field_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.apparatus.containers.env.value_from.field_ref`

Required:

- `field_path` (String) Path of the field to select in the specified API version.

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) Version of the schema the FieldPath is written in terms of, defaults to 'v1'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--env--value_from--resource_field_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.apparatus.containers.env.value_from.resource_field_ref`

Required:

- `resource` (String) Required: resource to select

Optional:

- `container_name` (String) Container name: required for volumes, optional for env vars
- `divisor` (String) Specifies the output format of the exposed resources, defaults to '1'


<a id="nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--env--value_from--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.apparatus.containers.env.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined




<a id="nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--env_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.apparatus.containers.env_from`

Optional:

- `config_map_ref` (Attributes) The ConfigMap to select from (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--env_from--config_map_ref))
- `prefix` (String) An optional identifier to prepend to each key in the ConfigMap. Must be a C_IDENTIFIER.
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) The Secret to select from (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--env_from--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--env_from--config_map_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.apparatus.containers.env_from.config_map_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the ConfigMap must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--env_from--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.apparatus.containers.env_from.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret must be defined



<a id="nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--lifecycle"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.apparatus.containers.lifecycle`

Optional:

- `post_start` (Attributes) PostStart is called immediately after a container is created. If the handler fails, the container is terminated and restarted according to its restart policy. Other management of the container blocks until the hook completes. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/container-lifecycle-hooks/#container-hooks (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--lifecycle--post_start))
- `pre_stop` (Attributes) PreStop is called immediately before a container is terminated due to an API request or management event such as liveness/startup probe failure, preemption, resource contention, etc. The handler is not called if the container crashes or exits. The Pod's termination grace period countdown begins before the PreStop hook is executed. Regardless of the outcome of the handler, the container will eventually terminate within the Pod's termination grace period (unless delayed by finalizers). Other management of the container blocks until the hook completes or until the termination grace period is reached. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/container-lifecycle-hooks/#container-hooks (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--lifecycle--pre_stop))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--lifecycle--post_start"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.apparatus.containers.lifecycle.post_start`

Optional:

- `exec` (Attributes) Exec specifies the action to take. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--lifecycle--post_start--exec))
- `http_get` (Attributes) HTTPGet specifies the http request to perform. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--lifecycle--post_start--http_get))
- `tcp_socket` (Attributes) Deprecated. TCPSocket is NOT supported as a LifecycleHandler and kept for the backward compatibility. There are no validation of this field and lifecycle hooks will fail in runtime when tcp handler is specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--lifecycle--post_start--tcp_socket))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--lifecycle--post_start--exec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.apparatus.containers.lifecycle.post_start.exec`

Optional:

- `command` (List of String) Command is the command line to execute inside the container, the working directory for the command  is root ('/') in the container's filesystem. The command is simply exec'd, it is not run inside a shell, so traditional shell instructions ('|', etc) won't work. To use a shell, you need to explicitly call out to that shell. Exit status of 0 is treated as live/healthy and non-zero is unhealthy.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--lifecycle--post_start--http_get"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.apparatus.containers.lifecycle.post_start.http_get`

Required:

- `port` (String) Name or number of the port to access on the container. Number must be in the range 1 to 65535. Name must be an IANA_SVC_NAME.

Optional:

- `host` (String) Host name to connect to, defaults to the pod IP. You probably want to set 'Host' in httpHeaders instead.
- `http_headers` (Attributes List) Custom headers to set in the request. HTTP allows repeated headers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--lifecycle--post_start--http_get--http_headers))
- `path` (String) Path to access on the HTTP server.
- `scheme` (String) Scheme to use for connecting to the host. Defaults to HTTP.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--lifecycle--post_start--http_get--http_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.apparatus.containers.lifecycle.post_start.http_get.http_headers`

Required:

- `name` (String) The header field name
- `value` (String) The header field value



<a id="nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--lifecycle--post_start--tcp_socket"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.apparatus.containers.lifecycle.post_start.tcp_socket`

Required:

- `port` (String) Number or name of the port to access on the container. Number must be in the range 1 to 65535. Name must be an IANA_SVC_NAME.

Optional:

- `host` (String) Optional: Host name to connect to, defaults to the pod IP.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--lifecycle--pre_stop"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.apparatus.containers.lifecycle.pre_stop`

Optional:

- `exec` (Attributes) Exec specifies the action to take. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--lifecycle--pre_stop--exec))
- `http_get` (Attributes) HTTPGet specifies the http request to perform. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--lifecycle--pre_stop--http_get))
- `tcp_socket` (Attributes) Deprecated. TCPSocket is NOT supported as a LifecycleHandler and kept for the backward compatibility. There are no validation of this field and lifecycle hooks will fail in runtime when tcp handler is specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--lifecycle--pre_stop--tcp_socket))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--lifecycle--pre_stop--exec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.apparatus.containers.lifecycle.pre_stop.exec`

Optional:

- `command` (List of String) Command is the command line to execute inside the container, the working directory for the command  is root ('/') in the container's filesystem. The command is simply exec'd, it is not run inside a shell, so traditional shell instructions ('|', etc) won't work. To use a shell, you need to explicitly call out to that shell. Exit status of 0 is treated as live/healthy and non-zero is unhealthy.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--lifecycle--pre_stop--http_get"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.apparatus.containers.lifecycle.pre_stop.http_get`

Required:

- `port` (String) Name or number of the port to access on the container. Number must be in the range 1 to 65535. Name must be an IANA_SVC_NAME.

Optional:

- `host` (String) Host name to connect to, defaults to the pod IP. You probably want to set 'Host' in httpHeaders instead.
- `http_headers` (Attributes List) Custom headers to set in the request. HTTP allows repeated headers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--lifecycle--pre_stop--http_get--http_headers))
- `path` (String) Path to access on the HTTP server.
- `scheme` (String) Scheme to use for connecting to the host. Defaults to HTTP.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--lifecycle--pre_stop--http_get--http_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.apparatus.containers.lifecycle.pre_stop.http_get.http_headers`

Required:

- `name` (String) The header field name
- `value` (String) The header field value



<a id="nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--lifecycle--pre_stop--tcp_socket"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.apparatus.containers.lifecycle.pre_stop.tcp_socket`

Required:

- `port` (String) Number or name of the port to access on the container. Number must be in the range 1 to 65535. Name must be an IANA_SVC_NAME.

Optional:

- `host` (String) Optional: Host name to connect to, defaults to the pod IP.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--liveness_probe"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.apparatus.containers.liveness_probe`

Optional:

- `exec` (Attributes) Exec specifies the action to take. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--liveness_probe--exec))
- `failure_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive failures for the probe to be considered failed after having succeeded. Defaults to 3. Minimum value is 1.
- `grpc` (Attributes) GRPC specifies an action involving a GRPC port. This is a beta field and requires enabling GRPCContainerProbe feature gate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--liveness_probe--grpc))
- `http_get` (Attributes) HTTPGet specifies the http request to perform. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--liveness_probe--http_get))
- `initial_delay_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds after the container has started before liveness probes are initiated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle#container-probes
- `period_seconds` (Number) How often (in seconds) to perform the probe. Default to 10 seconds. Minimum value is 1.
- `success_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive successes for the probe to be considered successful after having failed. Defaults to 1. Must be 1 for liveness and startup. Minimum value is 1.
- `tcp_socket` (Attributes) TCPSocket specifies an action involving a TCP port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--liveness_probe--tcp_socket))
- `termination_grace_period_seconds` (Number) Optional duration in seconds the pod needs to terminate gracefully upon probe failure. The grace period is the duration in seconds after the processes running in the pod are sent a termination signal and the time when the processes are forcibly halted with a kill signal. Set this value longer than the expected cleanup time for your process. If this value is nil, the pod's terminationGracePeriodSeconds will be used. Otherwise, this value overrides the value provided by the pod spec. Value must be non-negative integer. The value zero indicates stop immediately via the kill signal (no opportunity to shut down). This is a beta field and requires enabling ProbeTerminationGracePeriod feature gate. Minimum value is 1. spec.terminationGracePeriodSeconds is used if unset.
- `timeout_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds after which the probe times out. Defaults to 1 second. Minimum value is 1. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle#container-probes

<a id="nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--liveness_probe--exec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.apparatus.containers.liveness_probe.exec`

Optional:

- `command` (List of String) Command is the command line to execute inside the container, the working directory for the command  is root ('/') in the container's filesystem. The command is simply exec'd, it is not run inside a shell, so traditional shell instructions ('|', etc) won't work. To use a shell, you need to explicitly call out to that shell. Exit status of 0 is treated as live/healthy and non-zero is unhealthy.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--liveness_probe--grpc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.apparatus.containers.liveness_probe.grpc`

Required:

- `port` (Number) Port number of the gRPC service. Number must be in the range 1 to 65535.

Optional:

- `service` (String) Service is the name of the service to place in the gRPC HealthCheckRequest (see https://github.com/grpc/grpc/blob/master/doc/health-checking.md).  If this is not specified, the default behavior is defined by gRPC.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--liveness_probe--http_get"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.apparatus.containers.liveness_probe.http_get`

Required:

- `port` (String) Name or number of the port to access on the container. Number must be in the range 1 to 65535. Name must be an IANA_SVC_NAME.

Optional:

- `host` (String) Host name to connect to, defaults to the pod IP. You probably want to set 'Host' in httpHeaders instead.
- `http_headers` (Attributes List) Custom headers to set in the request. HTTP allows repeated headers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--liveness_probe--http_get--http_headers))
- `path` (String) Path to access on the HTTP server.
- `scheme` (String) Scheme to use for connecting to the host. Defaults to HTTP.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--liveness_probe--http_get--http_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.apparatus.containers.liveness_probe.http_get.http_headers`

Required:

- `name` (String) The header field name
- `value` (String) The header field value



<a id="nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--liveness_probe--tcp_socket"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.apparatus.containers.liveness_probe.tcp_socket`

Required:

- `port` (String) Number or name of the port to access on the container. Number must be in the range 1 to 65535. Name must be an IANA_SVC_NAME.

Optional:

- `host` (String) Optional: Host name to connect to, defaults to the pod IP.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.apparatus.containers.ports`

Required:

- `container_port` (Number) Number of port to expose on the pod's IP address. This must be a valid port number, 0 < x < 65536.

Optional:

- `host_ip` (String) What host IP to bind the external port to.
- `host_port` (Number) Number of port to expose on the host. If specified, this must be a valid port number, 0 < x < 65536. If HostNetwork is specified, this must match ContainerPort. Most containers do not need this.
- `name` (String) If specified, this must be an IANA_SVC_NAME and unique within the pod. Each named port in a pod must have a unique name. Name for the port that can be referred to by services.
- `protocol` (String) Protocol for port. Must be UDP, TCP, or SCTP. Defaults to 'TCP'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--readiness_probe"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.apparatus.containers.readiness_probe`

Optional:

- `exec` (Attributes) Exec specifies the action to take. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--readiness_probe--exec))
- `failure_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive failures for the probe to be considered failed after having succeeded. Defaults to 3. Minimum value is 1.
- `grpc` (Attributes) GRPC specifies an action involving a GRPC port. This is a beta field and requires enabling GRPCContainerProbe feature gate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--readiness_probe--grpc))
- `http_get` (Attributes) HTTPGet specifies the http request to perform. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--readiness_probe--http_get))
- `initial_delay_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds after the container has started before liveness probes are initiated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle#container-probes
- `period_seconds` (Number) How often (in seconds) to perform the probe. Default to 10 seconds. Minimum value is 1.
- `success_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive successes for the probe to be considered successful after having failed. Defaults to 1. Must be 1 for liveness and startup. Minimum value is 1.
- `tcp_socket` (Attributes) TCPSocket specifies an action involving a TCP port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--readiness_probe--tcp_socket))
- `termination_grace_period_seconds` (Number) Optional duration in seconds the pod needs to terminate gracefully upon probe failure. The grace period is the duration in seconds after the processes running in the pod are sent a termination signal and the time when the processes are forcibly halted with a kill signal. Set this value longer than the expected cleanup time for your process. If this value is nil, the pod's terminationGracePeriodSeconds will be used. Otherwise, this value overrides the value provided by the pod spec. Value must be non-negative integer. The value zero indicates stop immediately via the kill signal (no opportunity to shut down). This is a beta field and requires enabling ProbeTerminationGracePeriod feature gate. Minimum value is 1. spec.terminationGracePeriodSeconds is used if unset.
- `timeout_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds after which the probe times out. Defaults to 1 second. Minimum value is 1. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle#container-probes

<a id="nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--readiness_probe--exec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.apparatus.containers.readiness_probe.exec`

Optional:

- `command` (List of String) Command is the command line to execute inside the container, the working directory for the command  is root ('/') in the container's filesystem. The command is simply exec'd, it is not run inside a shell, so traditional shell instructions ('|', etc) won't work. To use a shell, you need to explicitly call out to that shell. Exit status of 0 is treated as live/healthy and non-zero is unhealthy.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--readiness_probe--grpc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.apparatus.containers.readiness_probe.grpc`

Required:

- `port` (Number) Port number of the gRPC service. Number must be in the range 1 to 65535.

Optional:

- `service` (String) Service is the name of the service to place in the gRPC HealthCheckRequest (see https://github.com/grpc/grpc/blob/master/doc/health-checking.md).  If this is not specified, the default behavior is defined by gRPC.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--readiness_probe--http_get"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.apparatus.containers.readiness_probe.http_get`

Required:

- `port` (String) Name or number of the port to access on the container. Number must be in the range 1 to 65535. Name must be an IANA_SVC_NAME.

Optional:

- `host` (String) Host name to connect to, defaults to the pod IP. You probably want to set 'Host' in httpHeaders instead.
- `http_headers` (Attributes List) Custom headers to set in the request. HTTP allows repeated headers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--readiness_probe--http_get--http_headers))
- `path` (String) Path to access on the HTTP server.
- `scheme` (String) Scheme to use for connecting to the host. Defaults to HTTP.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--readiness_probe--http_get--http_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.apparatus.containers.readiness_probe.http_get.http_headers`

Required:

- `name` (String) The header field name
- `value` (String) The header field value



<a id="nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--readiness_probe--tcp_socket"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.apparatus.containers.readiness_probe.tcp_socket`

Required:

- `port` (String) Number or name of the port to access on the container. Number must be in the range 1 to 65535. Name must be an IANA_SVC_NAME.

Optional:

- `host` (String) Optional: Host name to connect to, defaults to the pod IP.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.apparatus.containers.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims, that are used by this container.  This is an alpha field and requires enabling the DynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.  This field is immutable. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.apparatus.containers.resources.claims`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims of the Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource available inside a container.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--security_context"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.apparatus.containers.security_context`

Optional:

- `allow_privilege_escalation` (Boolean) AllowPrivilegeEscalation controls whether a process can gain more privileges than its parent process. This bool directly controls if the no_new_privs flag will be set on the container process. AllowPrivilegeEscalation is true always when the container is: 1) run as Privileged 2) has CAP_SYS_ADMIN Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `capabilities` (Attributes) The capabilities to add/drop when running containers. Defaults to the default set of capabilities granted by the container runtime. Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--security_context--capabilities))
- `privileged` (Boolean) Run container in privileged mode. Processes in privileged containers are essentially equivalent to root on the host. Defaults to false. Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `proc_mount` (String) procMount denotes the type of proc mount to use for the containers. The default is DefaultProcMount which uses the container runtime defaults for readonly paths and masked paths. This requires the ProcMountType feature flag to be enabled. Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `read_only_root_filesystem` (Boolean) Whether this container has a read-only root filesystem. Default is false. Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `run_as_group` (Number) The GID to run the entrypoint of the container process. Uses runtime default if unset. May also be set in PodSecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext and PodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence. Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `run_as_non_root` (Boolean) Indicates that the container must run as a non-root user. If true, the Kubelet will validate the image at runtime to ensure that it does not run as UID 0 (root) and fail to start the container if it does. If unset or false, no such validation will be performed. May also be set in PodSecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext and PodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.
- `run_as_user` (Number) The UID to run the entrypoint of the container process. Defaults to user specified in image metadata if unspecified. May also be set in PodSecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext and PodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence. Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `se_linux_options` (Attributes) The SELinux context to be applied to the container. If unspecified, the container runtime will allocate a random SELinux context for each container.  May also be set in PodSecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext and PodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence. Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--security_context--se_linux_options))
- `seccomp_profile` (Attributes) The seccomp options to use by this container. If seccomp options are provided at both the pod & container level, the container options override the pod options. Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--security_context--seccomp_profile))
- `windows_options` (Attributes) The Windows specific settings applied to all containers. If unspecified, the options from the PodSecurityContext will be used. If set in both SecurityContext and PodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence. Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is linux. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--security_context--windows_options))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--security_context--capabilities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.apparatus.containers.security_context.capabilities`

Optional:

- `add` (List of String) Added capabilities
- `drop` (List of String) Removed capabilities


<a id="nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--security_context--se_linux_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.apparatus.containers.security_context.se_linux_options`

Optional:

- `level` (String) Level is SELinux level label that applies to the container.
- `role` (String) Role is a SELinux role label that applies to the container.
- `type` (String) Type is a SELinux type label that applies to the container.
- `user` (String) User is a SELinux user label that applies to the container.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--security_context--seccomp_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.apparatus.containers.security_context.seccomp_profile`

Required:

- `type` (String) type indicates which kind of seccomp profile will be applied. Valid options are:  Localhost - a profile defined in a file on the node should be used. RuntimeDefault - the container runtime default profile should be used. Unconfined - no profile should be applied.

Optional:

- `localhost_profile` (String) localhostProfile indicates a profile defined in a file on the node should be used. The profile must be preconfigured on the node to work. Must be a descending path, relative to the kubelet's configured seccomp profile location. Must only be set if type is 'Localhost'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--security_context--windows_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.apparatus.containers.security_context.windows_options`

Optional:

- `gmsa_credential_spec` (String) GMSACredentialSpec is where the GMSA admission webhook (https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/windows-gmsa) inlines the contents of the GMSA credential spec named by the GMSACredentialSpecName field.
- `gmsa_credential_spec_name` (String) GMSACredentialSpecName is the name of the GMSA credential spec to use.
- `host_process` (Boolean) HostProcess determines if a container should be run as a 'Host Process' container. This field is alpha-level and will only be honored by components that enable the WindowsHostProcessContainers feature flag. Setting this field without the feature flag will result in errors when validating the Pod. All of a Pod's containers must have the same effective HostProcess value (it is not allowed to have a mix of HostProcess containers and non-HostProcess containers).  In addition, if HostProcess is true then HostNetwork must also be set to true.
- `run_as_user_name` (String) The UserName in Windows to run the entrypoint of the container process. Defaults to the user specified in image metadata if unspecified. May also be set in PodSecurityContext. If set in both SecurityContext and PodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--startup_probe"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.apparatus.containers.startup_probe`

Optional:

- `exec` (Attributes) Exec specifies the action to take. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--startup_probe--exec))
- `failure_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive failures for the probe to be considered failed after having succeeded. Defaults to 3. Minimum value is 1.
- `grpc` (Attributes) GRPC specifies an action involving a GRPC port. This is a beta field and requires enabling GRPCContainerProbe feature gate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--startup_probe--grpc))
- `http_get` (Attributes) HTTPGet specifies the http request to perform. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--startup_probe--http_get))
- `initial_delay_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds after the container has started before liveness probes are initiated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle#container-probes
- `period_seconds` (Number) How often (in seconds) to perform the probe. Default to 10 seconds. Minimum value is 1.
- `success_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive successes for the probe to be considered successful after having failed. Defaults to 1. Must be 1 for liveness and startup. Minimum value is 1.
- `tcp_socket` (Attributes) TCPSocket specifies an action involving a TCP port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--startup_probe--tcp_socket))
- `termination_grace_period_seconds` (Number) Optional duration in seconds the pod needs to terminate gracefully upon probe failure. The grace period is the duration in seconds after the processes running in the pod are sent a termination signal and the time when the processes are forcibly halted with a kill signal. Set this value longer than the expected cleanup time for your process. If this value is nil, the pod's terminationGracePeriodSeconds will be used. Otherwise, this value overrides the value provided by the pod spec. Value must be non-negative integer. The value zero indicates stop immediately via the kill signal (no opportunity to shut down). This is a beta field and requires enabling ProbeTerminationGracePeriod feature gate. Minimum value is 1. spec.terminationGracePeriodSeconds is used if unset.
- `timeout_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds after which the probe times out. Defaults to 1 second. Minimum value is 1. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle#container-probes

<a id="nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--startup_probe--exec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.apparatus.containers.startup_probe.exec`

Optional:

- `command` (List of String) Command is the command line to execute inside the container, the working directory for the command  is root ('/') in the container's filesystem. The command is simply exec'd, it is not run inside a shell, so traditional shell instructions ('|', etc) won't work. To use a shell, you need to explicitly call out to that shell. Exit status of 0 is treated as live/healthy and non-zero is unhealthy.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--startup_probe--grpc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.apparatus.containers.startup_probe.grpc`

Required:

- `port` (Number) Port number of the gRPC service. Number must be in the range 1 to 65535.

Optional:

- `service` (String) Service is the name of the service to place in the gRPC HealthCheckRequest (see https://github.com/grpc/grpc/blob/master/doc/health-checking.md).  If this is not specified, the default behavior is defined by gRPC.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--startup_probe--http_get"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.apparatus.containers.startup_probe.http_get`

Required:

- `port` (String) Name or number of the port to access on the container. Number must be in the range 1 to 65535. Name must be an IANA_SVC_NAME.

Optional:

- `host` (String) Host name to connect to, defaults to the pod IP. You probably want to set 'Host' in httpHeaders instead.
- `http_headers` (Attributes List) Custom headers to set in the request. HTTP allows repeated headers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--startup_probe--http_get--http_headers))
- `path` (String) Path to access on the HTTP server.
- `scheme` (String) Scheme to use for connecting to the host. Defaults to HTTP.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--startup_probe--http_get--http_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.apparatus.containers.startup_probe.http_get.http_headers`

Required:

- `name` (String) The header field name
- `value` (String) The header field value



<a id="nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--startup_probe--tcp_socket"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.apparatus.containers.startup_probe.tcp_socket`

Required:

- `port` (String) Number or name of the port to access on the container. Number must be in the range 1 to 65535. Name must be an IANA_SVC_NAME.

Optional:

- `host` (String) Optional: Host name to connect to, defaults to the pod IP.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--volume_devices"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.apparatus.containers.volume_devices`

Required:

- `device_path` (String) devicePath is the path inside of the container that the device will be mapped to.
- `name` (String) name must match the name of a persistentVolumeClaim in the pod


<a id="nestedatt--spec--apparatus--containers--volume_mounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.apparatus.containers.volume_mounts`

Required:

- `mount_path` (String) Path within the container at which the volume should be mounted.  Must not contain ':'.
- `name` (String) This must match the Name of a Volume.

Optional:

- `mount_propagation` (String) mountPropagation determines how mounts are propagated from the host to container and the other way around. When not set, MountPropagationNone is used. This field is beta in 1.10.
- `read_only` (Boolean) Mounted read-only if true, read-write otherwise (false or unspecified). Defaults to false.
- `sub_path` (String) Path within the volume from which the container's volume should be mounted. Defaults to '' (volume's root).
- `sub_path_expr` (String) Expanded path within the volume from which the container's volume should be mounted. Behaves similarly to SubPath but environment variable references $(VAR_NAME) are expanded using the container's environment. Defaults to '' (volume's root). SubPathExpr and SubPath are mutually exclusive.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources`

Optional:

- `do` (String)
- `retain_when_decoupled` (Boolean)
- `string_template` (String)
- `string_templates` (List of String)
- `template` (Map of String)
- `templates` (List of String)
- `when` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--result_resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.result_resources`

Optional:

- `do` (String)
- `string_template` (String)
- `string_templates` (List of String)
- `template` (Map of String)
- `templates` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--result_vars"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.result_vars`

Required:

- `name` (String) Value of identifier name e.g. FOO used in container args, annotations Appears in pod template as $(FOO)
- `objref` (Attributes) ObjRef must refer to a Kubernetes resource under the purview of this kustomization. ObjRef should use the raw name of the object (the name specified in its YAML, before addition of a namePrefix and a nameSuffix). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--result_vars--objref))

Optional:

- `fieldref` (Attributes) FieldRef refers to the field of the object referred to by ObjRef whose value will be extracted for use in replacing $(FOO). If unspecified, this defaults to fieldPath: $defaultFieldPath (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--result_vars--fieldref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--result_vars--objref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.result_vars.objref`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String)
- `group` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)
- `template_name` (String)
- `template_namespace` (String)
- `version` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--result_vars--fieldref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.result_vars.fieldref`

Optional:

- `field_path` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--socket"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.socket`

Required:

- `name` (String) name

Optional:

- `namespace` (String) namespace


<a id="nestedatt--spec--vars"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vars`

Required:

- `name` (String) Value of identifier name e.g. FOO used in container args, annotations Appears in pod template as $(FOO)
- `objref` (Attributes) ObjRef must refer to a Kubernetes resource under the purview of this kustomization. ObjRef should use the raw name of the object (the name specified in its YAML, before addition of a namePrefix and a nameSuffix). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vars--objref))

Optional:

- `fieldref` (Attributes) FieldRef refers to the field of the object referred to by ObjRef whose value will be extracted for use in replacing $(FOO). If unspecified, this defaults to fieldPath: $defaultFieldPath (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vars--fieldref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--vars--objref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vars.objref`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String)
- `group` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)
- `template_name` (String)
- `template_namespace` (String)
- `version` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--vars--fieldref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vars.fieldref`

Optional:

- `field_path` (String)
