---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_ipam_cluster_x_k8s_io_ip_address_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "ipam.cluster.x-k8s.io"
description: |-
  IPAddress is the Schema for the ipaddress API.
---

# k8s_ipam_cluster_x_k8s_io_ip_address_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

IPAddress is the Schema for the ipaddress API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_ipam_cluster_x_k8s_io_ip_address_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) IPAddressSpec is the desired state of an IPAddress. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `address` (String) Address is the IP address.
- `claim_ref` (Attributes) ClaimRef is a reference to the claim this IPAddress was created for. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--claim_ref))
- `pool_ref` (Attributes) PoolRef is a reference to the pool that this IPAddress was created from. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pool_ref))
- `prefix` (Number) Prefix is the prefix of the address.

Optional:

- `gateway` (String) Gateway is the network gateway of the network the address is from.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--claim_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.claim_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.This field is effectively required, but due to backwards compatibility isallowed to be empty. Instances of this type with an empty value here arealmost certainly wrong.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names


<a id="nestedatt--spec--pool_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pool_ref`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind is the type of resource being referenced
- `name` (String) Name is the name of resource being referenced

Optional:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup is the group for the resource being referenced.If APIGroup is not specified, the specified Kind must be in the core API group.For any other third-party types, APIGroup is required.
