---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_k8gb_absa_oss_gslb_v1beta1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "k8gb.absa.oss"
description: |-
  Gslb is the Schema for the gslbs API
---

# k8s_k8gb_absa_oss_gslb_v1beta1_manifest (Data Source)

Gslb is the Schema for the gslbs API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_k8gb_absa_oss_gslb_v1beta1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) GslbSpec defines the desired state of Gslb (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `strategy` (Attributes) Gslb Strategy spec (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--strategy))

Optional:

- `ingress` (Attributes) Gslb-enabled Ingress Spec (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ingress))
- `resource_ref` (Attributes) ResourceRef spec (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resource_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--strategy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.strategy`

Required:

- `type` (String) Load balancing strategy type:(roundRobin|failover)

Optional:

- `dns_ttl_seconds` (Number) Defines DNS record TTL in seconds
- `primary_geo_tag` (String) Primary Geo Tag. Valid for failover strategy only
- `split_brain_threshold_seconds` (Number) Split brain TXT record expiration in seconds
- `weight` (Map of String) Weight is defined by map region:weight


<a id="nestedatt--spec--ingress"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ingress`

Optional:

- `backend` (Attributes) A default backend capable of servicing requests that don't match anyrule. At least one of 'backend' or 'rules' must be specified. This fieldis optional to allow the loadbalancer controller or defaulting logic tospecify a global default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ingress--backend))
- `ingress_class_name` (String) IngressClassName is the name of the IngressClass cluster resource. Theassociated IngressClass defines which controller will implement theresource. This replaces the deprecated 'kubernetes.io/ingress.class'annotation. For backwards compatibility, when that annotation is set, itmust be given precedence over this field. The controller may emit awarning if the field and annotation have different values.Implementations of this API should ignore Ingresses without a classspecified. An IngressClass resource may be marked as default, which canbe used to set a default value for this field. For more information,refer to the IngressClass documentation.
- `rules` (Attributes List) A list of host rules used to configure the Ingress. If unspecified, orno rule matches, all traffic is sent to the default backend. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ingress--rules))
- `tls` (Attributes List) TLS configuration. Currently the Ingress only supports a single TLSport, 443. If multiple members of this list specify different hosts, theywill be multiplexed on the same port according to the hostname specifiedthrough the SNI TLS extension, if the ingress controller fulfilling theingress supports SNI. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ingress--tls))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--ingress--backend"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ingress.backend`

Optional:

- `resource` (Attributes) resource is an ObjectRef to another Kubernetes resource in the namespaceof the Ingress object. If resource is specified, a service.Name andservice.Port must not be specified.This is a mutually exclusive setting with 'Service'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ingress--backend--resource))
- `service` (Attributes) service references a service as a backend.This is a mutually exclusive setting with 'Resource'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ingress--backend--service))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--ingress--backend--resource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ingress.backend.resource`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind is the type of resource being referenced
- `name` (String) Name is the name of resource being referenced

Optional:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup is the group for the resource being referenced.If APIGroup is not specified, the specified Kind must be in the core API group.For any other third-party types, APIGroup is required.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--ingress--backend--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ingress.backend.service`

Required:

- `name` (String) name is the referenced service. The service must exist inthe same namespace as the Ingress object.

Optional:

- `port` (Attributes) port of the referenced service. A port name or port numberis required for a IngressServiceBackend. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ingress--backend--service--port))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--ingress--backend--service--port"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ingress.backend.service.port`

Optional:

- `name` (String) name is the name of the port on the Service.This is a mutually exclusive setting with 'Number'.
- `number` (Number) number is the numerical port number (e.g. 80) on the Service.This is a mutually exclusive setting with 'Name'.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--ingress--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ingress.rules`

Required:

- `http` (Attributes) HTTPIngressRuleValue is a list of http selectorspointing to backends. In the example: http://<host>/<path>?<searchpart>-> backend where where parts of the url correspond toRFC 3986, this resource will be used to match againsteverything after the last '/' and before the first '?'or '#'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ingress--rules--http))

Optional:

- `host` (String) Host is the fully qualified domain name of a network host, as defined by RFC 3986.Note the following deviations from the 'host' part of theURI as defined in RFC 3986:1. IPs are not allowed. Currently an IngressRuleValue can only apply to   the IP in the Spec of the parent Ingress.2. The ':' delimiter is not respected because ports are not allowed.	  Currently the port of an Ingress is implicitly :80 for http and	  :443 for https.Both these may change in the future.Incoming requests are matched against the host before theIngressRuleValue. If the host is unspecified, the Ingress routes alltraffic based on the specified IngressRuleValue.Host can be 'precise' which is a domain name without the terminating dot ofa network host (e.g. 'foo.bar.com') or 'wildcard', which is a domain nameprefixed with a single wildcard label (e.g. '*.foo.com').The wildcard character '*' must appear by itself as the first DNS label andmatches only a single label. You cannot have a wildcard label by itself (e.g. Host == '*').Requests will be matched against the Host field in the following way:1. If Host is precise, the request matches this rule if the http host header is equal to Host.2. If Host is a wildcard, then the request matches this rule if the http host headeris to equal to the suffix (removing the first label) of the wildcard rule.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--ingress--rules--http"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ingress.rules.http`

Required:

- `paths` (Attributes List) paths is a collection of paths that map requests to backends. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ingress--rules--http--paths))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--ingress--rules--http--paths"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ingress.rules.http.paths`

Required:

- `backend` (Attributes) backend defines the referenced service endpoint to which the trafficwill be forwarded to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ingress--rules--http--paths--backend))
- `path_type` (String) pathType determines the interpretation of the path matching. PathType canbe one of the following values:* Exact: Matches the URL path exactly.* Prefix: Matches based on a URL path prefix split by '/'. Matching is  done on a path element by element basis. A path element refers is the  list of labels in the path split by the '/' separator. A request is a  match for path p if every p is an element-wise prefix of p of the  request path. Note that if the last element of the path is a substring  of the last element in request path, it is not a match (e.g. /foo/bar  matches /foo/bar/baz, but does not match /foo/barbaz).* ImplementationSpecific: Interpretation of the Path matching is up to  the IngressClass. Implementations can treat this as a separate PathType  or treat it identically to Prefix or Exact path types.Implementations are required to support all path types.

Optional:

- `path` (String) path is matched against the path of an incoming request. Currently it cancontain characters disallowed from the conventional 'path' part of a URLas defined by RFC 3986. Paths must begin with a '/' and must be presentwhen using PathType with value 'Exact' or 'Prefix'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--ingress--rules--http--paths--backend"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ingress.rules.http.paths.backend`

Optional:

- `resource` (Attributes) resource is an ObjectRef to another Kubernetes resource in the namespaceof the Ingress object. If resource is specified, a service.Name andservice.Port must not be specified.This is a mutually exclusive setting with 'Service'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ingress--rules--http--paths--backend--resource))
- `service` (Attributes) service references a service as a backend.This is a mutually exclusive setting with 'Resource'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ingress--rules--http--paths--backend--service))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--ingress--rules--http--paths--backend--resource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ingress.rules.http.paths.backend.resource`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind is the type of resource being referenced
- `name` (String) Name is the name of resource being referenced

Optional:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup is the group for the resource being referenced.If APIGroup is not specified, the specified Kind must be in the core API group.For any other third-party types, APIGroup is required.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--ingress--rules--http--paths--backend--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ingress.rules.http.paths.backend.service`

Required:

- `name` (String) name is the referenced service. The service must exist inthe same namespace as the Ingress object.

Optional:

- `port` (Attributes) port of the referenced service. A port name or port numberis required for a IngressServiceBackend. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ingress--rules--http--paths--backend--service--port))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--ingress--rules--http--paths--backend--service--port"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ingress.rules.http.paths.backend.service.port`

Optional:

- `name` (String) name is the name of the port on the Service.This is a mutually exclusive setting with 'Number'.
- `number` (Number) number is the numerical port number (e.g. 80) on the Service.This is a mutually exclusive setting with 'Name'.







<a id="nestedatt--spec--ingress--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ingress.tls`

Optional:

- `hosts` (List of String) hosts is a list of hosts included in the TLS certificate. The values inthis list must match the name/s used in the tlsSecret. Defaults to thewildcard host setting for the loadbalancer controller fulfilling thisIngress, if left unspecified.
- `secret_name` (String) secretName is the name of the secret used to terminate TLS traffic onport 443. Field is left optional to allow TLS routing based on SNIhostname alone. If the SNI host in a listener conflicts with the 'Host'header field used by an IngressRule, the SNI host is used for terminationand value of the 'Host' header is used for routing.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--resource_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resource_ref`

Optional:

- `ingress` (Attributes) Ingress selects a kubernetes.networking.k8s.io/v1.Ingress resource (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resource_ref--ingress))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resource_ref--ingress"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resource_ref.ingress`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resource_ref--ingress--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resource_ref--ingress--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resource_ref.ingress.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.
