---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_k8s_mariadb_com_restore_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "k8s.mariadb.com"
description: |-
  Restore is the Schema for the restores API. It is used to define restore jobs and its restoration source.
---

# k8s_k8s_mariadb_com_restore_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

Restore is the Schema for the restores API. It is used to define restore jobs and its restoration source.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_k8s_mariadb_com_restore_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) RestoreSpec defines the desired state of restore (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `maria_db_ref` (Attributes) MariaDBRef is a reference to a MariaDB object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--maria_db_ref))

Optional:

- `affinity` (Attributes) Affinity to be used in the Pod. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity))
- `args` (List of String) Args to be used in the Container.
- `backoff_limit` (Number) BackoffLimit defines the maximum number of attempts to successfully perform a Backup.
- `backup_ref` (Attributes) BackupRef is a reference to a Backup object. It has priority over S3 and Volume. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--backup_ref))
- `database` (String) Database defines the logical database to be restored. If not provided, all databases available in the backup are restored.IMPORTANT: The database must previously exist.
- `image_pull_secrets` (Attributes List) ImagePullSecrets is the list of pull Secrets to be used to pull the image. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--image_pull_secrets))
- `inherit_metadata` (Attributes) InheritMetadata defines the metadata to be inherited by children resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--inherit_metadata))
- `log_level` (String) LogLevel to be used n the Backup Job. It defaults to 'info'.
- `node_selector` (Map of String) NodeSelector to be used in the Pod.
- `pod_metadata` (Attributes) PodMetadata defines extra metadata for the Pod. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_metadata))
- `pod_security_context` (Attributes) SecurityContext holds pod-level security attributes and common container settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_security_context))
- `priority_class_name` (String) PriorityClassName to be used in the Pod.
- `resources` (Attributes) Resouces describes the compute resource requirements. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources))
- `restart_policy` (String) RestartPolicy to be added to the Backup Job.
- `s3` (Attributes) S3 defines the configuration to restore backups from a S3 compatible storage. It has priority over Volume. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--s3))
- `security_context` (Attributes) SecurityContext holds security configuration that will be applied to a container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security_context))
- `service_account_name` (String) ServiceAccountName is the name of the ServiceAccount to be used by the Pods.
- `target_recovery_time` (String) TargetRecoveryTime is a RFC3339 (1970-01-01T00:00:00Z) date and time that defines the point in time recovery objective.It is used to determine the closest restoration source in time.
- `tolerations` (Attributes List) Tolerations to be used in the Pod. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tolerations))
- `volume` (Attributes) Volume is a Kubernetes Volume object that contains a backup. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--maria_db_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.maria_db_ref`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.
- `field_path` (String) If referring to a piece of an object instead of an entire object, this stringshould contain a valid JSON/Go field access statement, such as desiredState.manifest.containers[2].For example, if the object reference is to a container within a pod, this would take on a value like:'spec.containers{name}' (where 'name' refers to the name of the container that triggeredthe event) or if no container name is specified 'spec.containers[2]' (container withindex 2 in this pod). This syntax is chosen only to have some well-defined way ofreferencing a part of an object.TODO: this design is not final and this field is subject to change in the future.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent.More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/
- `resource_version` (String) Specific resourceVersion to which this reference is made, if any.More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `uid` (String) UID of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#uids
- `wait_for_it` (Boolean) WaitForIt indicates whether the controller using this reference should wait for MariaDB to be ready.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity`

Optional:

- `anti_affinity_enabled` (Boolean) AntiAffinityEnabled configures PodAntiAffinity so each Pod is scheduled in a different Node, enabling HA.Make sure you have at least as many Nodes available as the replicas to not end up with unscheduled Pods.
- `node_affinity` (Attributes) Describes node affinity scheduling rules for the pod. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity))
- `pod_affinity` (Attributes) Describes pod affinity scheduling rules (e.g. co-locate this pod in the same node, zone, etc. as some other pod(s)). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity))
- `pod_anti_affinity` (Attributes) Describes pod anti-affinity scheduling rules (e.g. avoid putting this pod in the same node, zone, etc. as some other pod(s)). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) The scheduler will prefer to schedule pods to nodes that satisfythe affinity expressions specified by this field, but it may choosea node that violates one or more of the expressions. The node that ismost preferred is the one with the greatest sum of weights, i.e.for each node that meets all of the scheduling requirements (resourcerequest, requiredDuringScheduling affinity expressions, etc.),compute a sum by iterating through the elements of this field and adding'weight' to the sum if the node matches the corresponding matchExpressions; thenode(s) with the highest sum are the most preferred. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes) If the affinity requirements specified by this field are not met atscheduling time, the pod will not be scheduled onto the node.If the affinity requirements specified by this field cease to be metat some point during pod execution (e.g. due to an update), the systemmay or may not try to eventually evict the pod from its node. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `preference` (Attributes) A node selector term, associated with the corresponding weight. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference))
- `weight` (Number) Weight associated with matching the corresponding nodeSelectorTerm, in the range 1-100.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.preference`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's labels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_expressions))
- `match_fields` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_fields))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.preference.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the valuesarray must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer.This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.preference.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the valuesarray must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer.This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `node_selector_terms` (Attributes List) Required. A list of node selector terms. The terms are ORed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's labels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_expressions))
- `match_fields` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_fields))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the valuesarray must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer.This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the valuesarray must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer.This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) The scheduler will prefer to schedule pods to nodes that satisfythe affinity expressions specified by this field, but it may choosea node that violates one or more of the expressions. The node that ismost preferred is the one with the greatest sum of weights, i.e.for each node that meets all of the scheduling requirements (resourcerequest, requiredDuringScheduling affinity expressions, etc.),compute a sum by iterating through the elements of this field and adding'weight' to the sum if the node has pods which matches the corresponding podAffinityTerm; thenode(s) with the highest sum are the most preferred. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) If the affinity requirements specified by this field are not met atscheduling time, the pod will not be scheduled onto the node.If the affinity requirements specified by this field cease to be metat some point during pod execution (e.g. due to a pod label update), thesystem may or may not try to eventually evict the pod from its node.When there are multiple elements, the lists of nodes corresponding to eachpodAffinityTerm are intersected, i.e. all terms must be satisfied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `pod_affinity_term` (Attributes) Required. A pod affinity term, associated with the corresponding weight. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term))
- `weight` (Number) weight associated with matching the corresponding podAffinityTerm,in the range 1-100.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matchingthe labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a nodewhose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of theselected pods is running.Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods.If it's null, this PodAffinityTerm matches with no Pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector))
- `match_label_keys` (List of String) MatchLabelKeys is a set of pod label keys to select which pods willbe taken into consideration. The keys are used to lookup values from theincoming pod labels, those key-value labels are merged with 'LabelSelector' as 'key in (value)'to select the group of existing pods which pods will be taken into considerationfor the incoming pod's pod (anti) affinity. Keys that don't exist in the incomingpod labels will be ignored. The default value is empty.The same key is forbidden to exist in both MatchLabelKeys and LabelSelector.Also, MatchLabelKeys cannot be set when LabelSelector isn't set.This is an alpha field and requires enabling MatchLabelKeysInPodAffinity feature gate.
- `mismatch_label_keys` (List of String) MismatchLabelKeys is a set of pod label keys to select which pods willbe taken into consideration. The keys are used to lookup values from theincoming pod labels, those key-value labels are merged with 'LabelSelector' as 'key notin (value)'to select the group of existing pods which pods will be taken into considerationfor the incoming pod's pod (anti) affinity. Keys that don't exist in the incomingpod labels will be ignored. The default value is empty.The same key is forbidden to exist in both MismatchLabelKeys and LabelSelector.Also, MismatchLabelKeys cannot be set when LabelSelector isn't set.This is an alpha field and requires enabling MatchLabelKeysInPodAffinity feature gate.
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) A label query over the set of namespaces that the term applies to.The term is applied to the union of the namespaces selected by this fieldand the ones listed in the namespaces field.null selector and null or empty namespaces list means 'this pod's namespace'.An empty selector ({}) matches all namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies a static list of namespace names that the term applies to.The term is applied to the union of the namespaces listed in this fieldand the ones selected by namespaceSelector.null or empty namespaces list and null namespaceSelector means 'this pod's namespace'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespaces--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespaces--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespaces.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespaces--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespaces--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespaces.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matchingthe labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a nodewhose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of theselected pods is running.Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods.If it's null, this PodAffinityTerm matches with no Pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector))
- `match_label_keys` (List of String) MatchLabelKeys is a set of pod label keys to select which pods willbe taken into consideration. The keys are used to lookup values from theincoming pod labels, those key-value labels are merged with 'LabelSelector' as 'key in (value)'to select the group of existing pods which pods will be taken into considerationfor the incoming pod's pod (anti) affinity. Keys that don't exist in the incomingpod labels will be ignored. The default value is empty.The same key is forbidden to exist in both MatchLabelKeys and LabelSelector.Also, MatchLabelKeys cannot be set when LabelSelector isn't set.This is an alpha field and requires enabling MatchLabelKeysInPodAffinity feature gate.
- `mismatch_label_keys` (List of String) MismatchLabelKeys is a set of pod label keys to select which pods willbe taken into consideration. The keys are used to lookup values from theincoming pod labels, those key-value labels are merged with 'LabelSelector' as 'key notin (value)'to select the group of existing pods which pods will be taken into considerationfor the incoming pod's pod (anti) affinity. Keys that don't exist in the incomingpod labels will be ignored. The default value is empty.The same key is forbidden to exist in both MismatchLabelKeys and LabelSelector.Also, MismatchLabelKeys cannot be set when LabelSelector isn't set.This is an alpha field and requires enabling MatchLabelKeysInPodAffinity feature gate.
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) A label query over the set of namespaces that the term applies to.The term is applied to the union of the namespaces selected by this fieldand the ones listed in the namespaces field.null selector and null or empty namespaces list means 'this pod's namespace'.An empty selector ({}) matches all namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies a static list of namespace names that the term applies to.The term is applied to the union of the namespaces listed in this fieldand the ones selected by namespaceSelector.null or empty namespaces list and null namespaceSelector means 'this pod's namespace'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) The scheduler will prefer to schedule pods to nodes that satisfythe anti-affinity expressions specified by this field, but it may choosea node that violates one or more of the expressions. The node that ismost preferred is the one with the greatest sum of weights, i.e.for each node that meets all of the scheduling requirements (resourcerequest, requiredDuringScheduling anti-affinity expressions, etc.),compute a sum by iterating through the elements of this field and adding'weight' to the sum if the node has pods which matches the corresponding podAffinityTerm; thenode(s) with the highest sum are the most preferred. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) If the anti-affinity requirements specified by this field are not met atscheduling time, the pod will not be scheduled onto the node.If the anti-affinity requirements specified by this field cease to be metat some point during pod execution (e.g. due to a pod label update), thesystem may or may not try to eventually evict the pod from its node.When there are multiple elements, the lists of nodes corresponding to eachpodAffinityTerm are intersected, i.e. all terms must be satisfied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `pod_affinity_term` (Attributes) Required. A pod affinity term, associated with the corresponding weight. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term))
- `weight` (Number) weight associated with matching the corresponding podAffinityTerm,in the range 1-100.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matchingthe labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a nodewhose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of theselected pods is running.Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods.If it's null, this PodAffinityTerm matches with no Pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector))
- `match_label_keys` (List of String) MatchLabelKeys is a set of pod label keys to select which pods willbe taken into consideration. The keys are used to lookup values from theincoming pod labels, those key-value labels are merged with 'LabelSelector' as 'key in (value)'to select the group of existing pods which pods will be taken into considerationfor the incoming pod's pod (anti) affinity. Keys that don't exist in the incomingpod labels will be ignored. The default value is empty.The same key is forbidden to exist in both MatchLabelKeys and LabelSelector.Also, MatchLabelKeys cannot be set when LabelSelector isn't set.This is an alpha field and requires enabling MatchLabelKeysInPodAffinity feature gate.
- `mismatch_label_keys` (List of String) MismatchLabelKeys is a set of pod label keys to select which pods willbe taken into consideration. The keys are used to lookup values from theincoming pod labels, those key-value labels are merged with 'LabelSelector' as 'key notin (value)'to select the group of existing pods which pods will be taken into considerationfor the incoming pod's pod (anti) affinity. Keys that don't exist in the incomingpod labels will be ignored. The default value is empty.The same key is forbidden to exist in both MismatchLabelKeys and LabelSelector.Also, MismatchLabelKeys cannot be set when LabelSelector isn't set.This is an alpha field and requires enabling MatchLabelKeysInPodAffinity feature gate.
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) A label query over the set of namespaces that the term applies to.The term is applied to the union of the namespaces selected by this fieldand the ones listed in the namespaces field.null selector and null or empty namespaces list means 'this pod's namespace'.An empty selector ({}) matches all namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies a static list of namespace names that the term applies to.The term is applied to the union of the namespaces listed in this fieldand the ones selected by namespaceSelector.null or empty namespaces list and null namespaceSelector means 'this pod's namespace'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespaces--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespaces--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespaces.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespaces--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespaces--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespaces.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matchingthe labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a nodewhose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of theselected pods is running.Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods.If it's null, this PodAffinityTerm matches with no Pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector))
- `match_label_keys` (List of String) MatchLabelKeys is a set of pod label keys to select which pods willbe taken into consideration. The keys are used to lookup values from theincoming pod labels, those key-value labels are merged with 'LabelSelector' as 'key in (value)'to select the group of existing pods which pods will be taken into considerationfor the incoming pod's pod (anti) affinity. Keys that don't exist in the incomingpod labels will be ignored. The default value is empty.The same key is forbidden to exist in both MatchLabelKeys and LabelSelector.Also, MatchLabelKeys cannot be set when LabelSelector isn't set.This is an alpha field and requires enabling MatchLabelKeysInPodAffinity feature gate.
- `mismatch_label_keys` (List of String) MismatchLabelKeys is a set of pod label keys to select which pods willbe taken into consideration. The keys are used to lookup values from theincoming pod labels, those key-value labels are merged with 'LabelSelector' as 'key notin (value)'to select the group of existing pods which pods will be taken into considerationfor the incoming pod's pod (anti) affinity. Keys that don't exist in the incomingpod labels will be ignored. The default value is empty.The same key is forbidden to exist in both MismatchLabelKeys and LabelSelector.Also, MismatchLabelKeys cannot be set when LabelSelector isn't set.This is an alpha field and requires enabling MatchLabelKeysInPodAffinity feature gate.
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) A label query over the set of namespaces that the term applies to.The term is applied to the union of the namespaces selected by this fieldand the ones listed in the namespaces field.null selector and null or empty namespaces list means 'this pod's namespace'.An empty selector ({}) matches all namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies a static list of namespace names that the term applies to.The term is applied to the union of the namespaces listed in this fieldand the ones selected by namespaceSelector.null or empty namespaces list and null namespaceSelector means 'this pod's namespace'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.






<a id="nestedatt--spec--backup_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.backup_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?


<a id="nestedatt--spec--image_pull_secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.image_pull_secrets`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?


<a id="nestedatt--spec--inherit_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.inherit_metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations to be added to children resources.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to be added to children resources.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations to be added to children resources.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to be added to children resources.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_security_context"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_security_context`

Optional:

- `fs_group` (Number) A special supplemental group that applies to all containers in a pod.Some volume types allow the Kubelet to change the ownership of that volumeto be owned by the pod:1. The owning GID will be the FSGroup2. The setgid bit is set (new files created in the volume will be owned by FSGroup)3. The permission bits are OR'd with rw-rw----If unset, the Kubelet will not modify the ownership and permissions of any volume.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `fs_group_change_policy` (String) fsGroupChangePolicy defines behavior of changing ownership and permission of the volumebefore being exposed inside Pod. This field will only apply tovolume types which support fsGroup based ownership(and permissions).It will have no effect on ephemeral volume types such as: secret, configmapsand emptydir.Valid values are 'OnRootMismatch' and 'Always'. If not specified, 'Always' is used.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `run_as_group` (Number) The GID to run the entrypoint of the container process.Uses runtime default if unset.May also be set in SecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedencefor that container.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `run_as_non_root` (Boolean) Indicates that the container must run as a non-root user.If true, the Kubelet will validate the image at runtime to ensure that itdoes not run as UID 0 (root) and fail to start the container if it does.If unset or false, no such validation will be performed.May also be set in SecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.
- `run_as_user` (Number) The UID to run the entrypoint of the container process.Defaults to user specified in image metadata if unspecified.May also be set in SecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedencefor that container.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `se_linux_options` (Attributes) The SELinux context to be applied to all containers.If unspecified, the container runtime will allocate a random SELinux context for eachcontainer.  May also be set in SecurityContext.  If set inboth SecurityContext and PodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContexttakes precedence for that container.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_security_context--se_linux_options))
- `seccomp_profile` (Attributes) The seccomp options to use by the containers in this pod.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_security_context--seccomp_profile))
- `supplemental_groups` (List of String) A list of groups applied to the first process run in each container, in additionto the container's primary GID, the fsGroup (if specified), and group membershipsdefined in the container image for the uid of the container process. If unspecified,no additional groups are added to any container. Note that group membershipsdefined in the container image for the uid of the container process are still effective,even if they are not included in this list.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `sysctls` (Attributes List) Sysctls hold a list of namespaced sysctls used for the pod. Pods with unsupportedsysctls (by the container runtime) might fail to launch.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_security_context--sysctls))
- `windows_options` (Attributes) The Windows specific settings applied to all containers.If unspecified, the options within a container's SecurityContext will be used.If set in both SecurityContext and PodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is linux. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_security_context--windows_options))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_security_context--se_linux_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_security_context.se_linux_options`

Optional:

- `level` (String) Level is SELinux level label that applies to the container.
- `role` (String) Role is a SELinux role label that applies to the container.
- `type` (String) Type is a SELinux type label that applies to the container.
- `user` (String) User is a SELinux user label that applies to the container.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_security_context--seccomp_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_security_context.seccomp_profile`

Required:

- `type` (String) type indicates which kind of seccomp profile will be applied.Valid options are:Localhost - a profile defined in a file on the node should be used.RuntimeDefault - the container runtime default profile should be used.Unconfined - no profile should be applied.

Optional:

- `localhost_profile` (String) localhostProfile indicates a profile defined in a file on the node should be used.The profile must be preconfigured on the node to work.Must be a descending path, relative to the kubelet's configured seccomp profile location.Must be set if type is 'Localhost'. Must NOT be set for any other type.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_security_context--sysctls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_security_context.sysctls`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of a property to set
- `value` (String) Value of a property to set


<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_security_context--windows_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_security_context.windows_options`

Optional:

- `gmsa_credential_spec` (String) GMSACredentialSpec is where the GMSA admission webhook(https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/windows-gmsa) inlines the contents of theGMSA credential spec named by the GMSACredentialSpecName field.
- `gmsa_credential_spec_name` (String) GMSACredentialSpecName is the name of the GMSA credential spec to use.
- `host_process` (Boolean) HostProcess determines if a container should be run as a 'Host Process' container.All of a Pod's containers must have the same effective HostProcess value(it is not allowed to have a mix of HostProcess containers and non-HostProcess containers).In addition, if HostProcess is true then HostNetwork must also be set to true.
- `run_as_user_name` (String) The UserName in Windows to run the entrypoint of the container process.Defaults to the user specified in image metadata if unspecified.May also be set in PodSecurityContext. If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims,that are used by this container.This is an alpha field and requires enabling theDynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required.If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified,otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources.claims`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims ofthe Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource availableinside a container.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--s3"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.s3`

Required:

- `access_key_id_secret_key_ref` (Attributes) AccessKeyIdSecretKeyRef is a reference to a Secret key containing the S3 access key id. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--s3--access_key_id_secret_key_ref))
- `bucket` (String) Bucket is the name Name of the bucket to store backups.
- `endpoint` (String) Endpoint is the S3 API endpoint without scheme.
- `secret_access_key_secret_key_ref` (Attributes) AccessKeyIdSecretKeyRef is a reference to a Secret key containing the S3 secret key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--s3--secret_access_key_secret_key_ref))

Optional:

- `prefix` (String) Prefix indicates a folder/subfolder in the bucket. For example: mariadb/ or mariadb/backups. A trailing slash '/' is added if not provided.
- `region` (String) Region is the S3 region name to use.
- `session_token_secret_key_ref` (Attributes) SessionTokenSecretKeyRef is a reference to a Secret key containing the S3 session token. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--s3--session_token_secret_key_ref))
- `tls` (Attributes) TLS provides the configuration required to establish TLS connections with S3. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--s3--tls))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--s3--access_key_id_secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.s3.access_key_id_secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--s3--secret_access_key_secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.s3.secret_access_key_secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--s3--session_token_secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.s3.session_token_secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--s3--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.s3.tls`

Optional:

- `ca_secret_key_ref` (Attributes) CASecretKeyRef is a reference to a Secret key containing a CA bundle in PEM format used to establish TLS connections with S3.By default, the system trust chain will be used, but you can use this field to add more CAs to the bundle. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--s3--tls--ca_secret_key_ref))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled is a flag to enable TLS.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--s3--tls--ca_secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.s3.tls.ca_secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined




<a id="nestedatt--spec--security_context"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security_context`

Optional:

- `allow_privilege_escalation` (Boolean) AllowPrivilegeEscalation controls whether a process can gain moreprivileges than its parent process. This bool directly controls ifthe no_new_privs flag will be set on the container process.AllowPrivilegeEscalation is true always when the container is:1) run as Privileged2) has CAP_SYS_ADMINNote that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `capabilities` (Attributes) The capabilities to add/drop when running containers.Defaults to the default set of capabilities granted by the container runtime.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security_context--capabilities))
- `privileged` (Boolean) Run container in privileged mode.Processes in privileged containers are essentially equivalent to root on the host.Defaults to false.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `proc_mount` (String) procMount denotes the type of proc mount to use for the containers.The default is DefaultProcMount which uses the container runtime defaults forreadonly paths and masked paths.This requires the ProcMountType feature flag to be enabled.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `read_only_root_filesystem` (Boolean) Whether this container has a read-only root filesystem.Default is false.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `run_as_group` (Number) The GID to run the entrypoint of the container process.Uses runtime default if unset.May also be set in PodSecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `run_as_non_root` (Boolean) Indicates that the container must run as a non-root user.If true, the Kubelet will validate the image at runtime to ensure that itdoes not run as UID 0 (root) and fail to start the container if it does.If unset or false, no such validation will be performed.May also be set in PodSecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.
- `run_as_user` (Number) The UID to run the entrypoint of the container process.Defaults to user specified in image metadata if unspecified.May also be set in PodSecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `se_linux_options` (Attributes) The SELinux context to be applied to the container.If unspecified, the container runtime will allocate a random SELinux context for eachcontainer.  May also be set in PodSecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security_context--se_linux_options))
- `seccomp_profile` (Attributes) The seccomp options to use by this container. If seccomp options areprovided at both the pod & container level, the container optionsoverride the pod options.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security_context--seccomp_profile))
- `windows_options` (Attributes) The Windows specific settings applied to all containers.If unspecified, the options from the PodSecurityContext will be used.If set in both SecurityContext and PodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is linux. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security_context--windows_options))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--security_context--capabilities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security_context.capabilities`

Optional:

- `add` (List of String) Added capabilities
- `drop` (List of String) Removed capabilities


<a id="nestedatt--spec--security_context--se_linux_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security_context.se_linux_options`

Optional:

- `level` (String) Level is SELinux level label that applies to the container.
- `role` (String) Role is a SELinux role label that applies to the container.
- `type` (String) Type is a SELinux type label that applies to the container.
- `user` (String) User is a SELinux user label that applies to the container.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--security_context--seccomp_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security_context.seccomp_profile`

Required:

- `type` (String) type indicates which kind of seccomp profile will be applied.Valid options are:Localhost - a profile defined in a file on the node should be used.RuntimeDefault - the container runtime default profile should be used.Unconfined - no profile should be applied.

Optional:

- `localhost_profile` (String) localhostProfile indicates a profile defined in a file on the node should be used.The profile must be preconfigured on the node to work.Must be a descending path, relative to the kubelet's configured seccomp profile location.Must be set if type is 'Localhost'. Must NOT be set for any other type.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--security_context--windows_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security_context.windows_options`

Optional:

- `gmsa_credential_spec` (String) GMSACredentialSpec is where the GMSA admission webhook(https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/windows-gmsa) inlines the contents of theGMSA credential spec named by the GMSACredentialSpecName field.
- `gmsa_credential_spec_name` (String) GMSACredentialSpecName is the name of the GMSA credential spec to use.
- `host_process` (Boolean) HostProcess determines if a container should be run as a 'Host Process' container.All of a Pod's containers must have the same effective HostProcess value(it is not allowed to have a mix of HostProcess containers and non-HostProcess containers).In addition, if HostProcess is true then HostNetwork must also be set to true.
- `run_as_user_name` (String) The UserName in Windows to run the entrypoint of the container process.Defaults to the user specified in image metadata if unspecified.May also be set in PodSecurityContext. If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--tolerations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tolerations`

Optional:

- `effect` (String) Effect indicates the taint effect to match. Empty means match all taint effects.When specified, allowed values are NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Key is the taint key that the toleration applies to. Empty means match all taint keys.If the key is empty, operator must be Exists; this combination means to match all values and all keys.
- `operator` (String) Operator represents a key's relationship to the value.Valid operators are Exists and Equal. Defaults to Equal.Exists is equivalent to wildcard for value, so that a pod cantolerate all taints of a particular category.
- `toleration_seconds` (Number) TolerationSeconds represents the period of time the toleration (which must beof effect NoExecute, otherwise this field is ignored) tolerates the taint. By default,it is not set, which means tolerate the taint forever (do not evict). Zero andnegative values will be treated as 0 (evict immediately) by the system.
- `value` (String) Value is the taint value the toleration matches to.If the operator is Exists, the value should be empty, otherwise just a regular string.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume`

Optional:

- `aws_elastic_block_store` (Attributes) awsElasticBlockStore represents an AWS Disk resource that is attached to akubelet's host machine and then exposed to the pod.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#awselasticblockstore (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--aws_elastic_block_store))
- `azure_disk` (Attributes) azureDisk represents an Azure Data Disk mount on the host and bind mount to the pod. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--azure_disk))
- `azure_file` (Attributes) azureFile represents an Azure File Service mount on the host and bind mount to the pod. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--azure_file))
- `cephfs` (Attributes) cephFS represents a Ceph FS mount on the host that shares a pod's lifetime (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--cephfs))
- `cinder` (Attributes) cinder represents a cinder volume attached and mounted on kubelets host machine.More info: https://examples.k8s.io/mysql-cinder-pd/README.md (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--cinder))
- `config_map` (Attributes) configMap represents a configMap that should populate this volume (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--config_map))
- `csi` (Attributes) csi (Container Storage Interface) represents ephemeral storage that is handled by certain external CSI drivers (Beta feature). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--csi))
- `downward_api` (Attributes) downwardAPI represents downward API about the pod that should populate this volume (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--downward_api))
- `empty_dir` (Attributes) emptyDir represents a temporary directory that shares a pod's lifetime.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#emptydir (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--empty_dir))
- `ephemeral` (Attributes) ephemeral represents a volume that is handled by a cluster storage driver.The volume's lifecycle is tied to the pod that defines it - it will be created before the pod starts,and deleted when the pod is removed.Use this if:a) the volume is only needed while the pod runs,b) features of normal volumes like restoring from snapshot or capacity   tracking are needed,c) the storage driver is specified through a storage class, andd) the storage driver supports dynamic volume provisioning through   a PersistentVolumeClaim (see EphemeralVolumeSource for more   information on the connection between this volume type   and PersistentVolumeClaim).Use PersistentVolumeClaim or one of the vendor-specificAPIs for volumes that persist for longer than the lifecycleof an individual pod.Use CSI for light-weight local ephemeral volumes if the CSI driver is meant tobe used that way - see the documentation of the driver formore information.A pod can use both types of ephemeral volumes andpersistent volumes at the same time. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--ephemeral))
- `fc` (Attributes) fc represents a Fibre Channel resource that is attached to a kubelet's host machine and then exposed to the pod. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--fc))
- `flex_volume` (Attributes) flexVolume represents a generic volume resource that isprovisioned/attached using an exec based plugin. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--flex_volume))
- `flocker` (Attributes) flocker represents a Flocker volume attached to a kubelet's host machine. This depends on the Flocker control service being running (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--flocker))
- `gce_persistent_disk` (Attributes) gcePersistentDisk represents a GCE Disk resource that is attached to akubelet's host machine and then exposed to the pod.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#gcepersistentdisk (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--gce_persistent_disk))
- `git_repo` (Attributes) gitRepo represents a git repository at a particular revision.DEPRECATED: GitRepo is deprecated. To provision a container with a git repo, mount anEmptyDir into an InitContainer that clones the repo using git, then mount the EmptyDirinto the Pod's container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--git_repo))
- `glusterfs` (Attributes) glusterfs represents a Glusterfs mount on the host that shares a pod's lifetime.More info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/glusterfs/README.md (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--glusterfs))
- `host_path` (Attributes) hostPath represents a pre-existing file or directory on the hostmachine that is directly exposed to the container. This is generallyused for system agents or other privileged things that are allowedto see the host machine. Most containers will NOT need this.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#hostpath---TODO(jonesdl) We need to restrict who can use host directory mounts and who can/can notmount host directories as read/write. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--host_path))
- `iscsi` (Attributes) iscsi represents an ISCSI Disk resource that is attached to akubelet's host machine and then exposed to the pod.More info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/iscsi/README.md (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--iscsi))
- `nfs` (Attributes) nfs represents an NFS mount on the host that shares a pod's lifetimeMore info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#nfs (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--nfs))
- `persistent_volume_claim` (Attributes) persistentVolumeClaimVolumeSource represents a reference to aPersistentVolumeClaim in the same namespace.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#persistentvolumeclaims (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--persistent_volume_claim))
- `photon_persistent_disk` (Attributes) photonPersistentDisk represents a PhotonController persistent disk attached and mounted on kubelets host machine (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--photon_persistent_disk))
- `portworx_volume` (Attributes) portworxVolume represents a portworx volume attached and mounted on kubelets host machine (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--portworx_volume))
- `projected` (Attributes) projected items for all in one resources secrets, configmaps, and downward API (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--projected))
- `quobyte` (Attributes) quobyte represents a Quobyte mount on the host that shares a pod's lifetime (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--quobyte))
- `rbd` (Attributes) rbd represents a Rados Block Device mount on the host that shares a pod's lifetime.More info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/rbd/README.md (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--rbd))
- `scale_io` (Attributes) scaleIO represents a ScaleIO persistent volume attached and mounted on Kubernetes nodes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--scale_io))
- `secret` (Attributes) secret represents a secret that should populate this volume.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#secret (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--secret))
- `storageos` (Attributes) storageOS represents a StorageOS volume attached and mounted on Kubernetes nodes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--storageos))
- `vsphere_volume` (Attributes) vsphereVolume represents a vSphere volume attached and mounted on kubelets host machine (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--vsphere_volume))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--aws_elastic_block_store"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.aws_elastic_block_store`

Required:

- `volume_id` (String) volumeID is unique ID of the persistent disk resource in AWS (Amazon EBS volume).More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#awselasticblockstore

Optional:

- `fs_type` (String) fsType is the filesystem type of the volume that you want to mount.Tip: Ensure that the filesystem type is supported by the host operating system.Examples: 'ext4', 'xfs', 'ntfs'. Implicitly inferred to be 'ext4' if unspecified.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#awselasticblockstoreTODO: how do we prevent errors in the filesystem from compromising the machine
- `partition` (Number) partition is the partition in the volume that you want to mount.If omitted, the default is to mount by volume name.Examples: For volume /dev/sda1, you specify the partition as '1'.Similarly, the volume partition for /dev/sda is '0' (or you can leave the property empty).
- `read_only` (Boolean) readOnly value true will force the readOnly setting in VolumeMounts.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#awselasticblockstore


<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--azure_disk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.azure_disk`

Required:

- `disk_name` (String) diskName is the Name of the data disk in the blob storage
- `disk_uri` (String) diskURI is the URI of data disk in the blob storage

Optional:

- `caching_mode` (String) cachingMode is the Host Caching mode: None, Read Only, Read Write.
- `fs_type` (String) fsType is Filesystem type to mount.Must be a filesystem type supported by the host operating system.Ex. 'ext4', 'xfs', 'ntfs'. Implicitly inferred to be 'ext4' if unspecified.
- `kind` (String) kind expected values are Shared: multiple blob disks per storage account  Dedicated: single blob disk per storage account  Managed: azure managed data disk (only in managed availability set). defaults to shared
- `read_only` (Boolean) readOnly Defaults to false (read/write). ReadOnly here will forcethe ReadOnly setting in VolumeMounts.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--azure_file"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.azure_file`

Required:

- `secret_name` (String) secretName is the  name of secret that contains Azure Storage Account Name and Key
- `share_name` (String) shareName is the azure share Name

Optional:

- `read_only` (Boolean) readOnly defaults to false (read/write). ReadOnly here will forcethe ReadOnly setting in VolumeMounts.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--cephfs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.cephfs`

Required:

- `monitors` (List of String) monitors is Required: Monitors is a collection of Ceph monitorsMore info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/cephfs/README.md#how-to-use-it

Optional:

- `path` (String) path is Optional: Used as the mounted root, rather than the full Ceph tree, default is /
- `read_only` (Boolean) readOnly is Optional: Defaults to false (read/write). ReadOnly here will forcethe ReadOnly setting in VolumeMounts.More info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/cephfs/README.md#how-to-use-it
- `secret_file` (String) secretFile is Optional: SecretFile is the path to key ring for User, default is /etc/ceph/user.secretMore info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/cephfs/README.md#how-to-use-it
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) secretRef is Optional: SecretRef is reference to the authentication secret for User, default is empty.More info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/cephfs/README.md#how-to-use-it (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--cephfs--secret_ref))
- `user` (String) user is optional: User is the rados user name, default is adminMore info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/cephfs/README.md#how-to-use-it

<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--cephfs--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.cephfs.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?



<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--cinder"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.cinder`

Required:

- `volume_id` (String) volumeID used to identify the volume in cinder.More info: https://examples.k8s.io/mysql-cinder-pd/README.md

Optional:

- `fs_type` (String) fsType is the filesystem type to mount.Must be a filesystem type supported by the host operating system.Examples: 'ext4', 'xfs', 'ntfs'. Implicitly inferred to be 'ext4' if unspecified.More info: https://examples.k8s.io/mysql-cinder-pd/README.md
- `read_only` (Boolean) readOnly defaults to false (read/write). ReadOnly here will forcethe ReadOnly setting in VolumeMounts.More info: https://examples.k8s.io/mysql-cinder-pd/README.md
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) secretRef is optional: points to a secret object containing parameters used to connectto OpenStack. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--cinder--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--cinder--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.cinder.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?



<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--config_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.config_map`

Optional:

- `default_mode` (Number) defaultMode is optional: mode bits used to set permissions on created files by default.Must be an octal value between 0000 and 0777 or a decimal value between 0 and 511.YAML accepts both octal and decimal values, JSON requires decimal values for mode bits.Defaults to 0644.Directories within the path are not affected by this setting.This might be in conflict with other options that affect the filemode, like fsGroup, and the result can be other mode bits set.
- `items` (Attributes List) items if unspecified, each key-value pair in the Data field of the referencedConfigMap will be projected into the volume as a file whose name is thekey and content is the value. If specified, the listed keys will beprojected into the specified paths, and unlisted keys will not bepresent. If a key is specified which is not present in the ConfigMap,the volume setup will error unless it is marked optional. Paths must berelative and may not contain the '..' path or start with '..'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--config_map--items))
- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) optional specify whether the ConfigMap or its keys must be defined

<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--config_map--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.config_map.items`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the key to project.
- `path` (String) path is the relative path of the file to map the key to.May not be an absolute path.May not contain the path element '..'.May not start with the string '..'.

Optional:

- `mode` (Number) mode is Optional: mode bits used to set permissions on this file.Must be an octal value between 0000 and 0777 or a decimal value between 0 and 511.YAML accepts both octal and decimal values, JSON requires decimal values for mode bits.If not specified, the volume defaultMode will be used.This might be in conflict with other options that affect the filemode, like fsGroup, and the result can be other mode bits set.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--csi"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.csi`

Required:

- `driver` (String) driver is the name of the CSI driver that handles this volume.Consult with your admin for the correct name as registered in the cluster.

Optional:

- `fs_type` (String) fsType to mount. Ex. 'ext4', 'xfs', 'ntfs'.If not provided, the empty value is passed to the associated CSI driverwhich will determine the default filesystem to apply.
- `node_publish_secret_ref` (Attributes) nodePublishSecretRef is a reference to the secret object containingsensitive information to pass to the CSI driver to complete the CSINodePublishVolume and NodeUnpublishVolume calls.This field is optional, and  may be empty if no secret is required. If thesecret object contains more than one secret, all secret references are passed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--csi--node_publish_secret_ref))
- `read_only` (Boolean) readOnly specifies a read-only configuration for the volume.Defaults to false (read/write).
- `volume_attributes` (Map of String) volumeAttributes stores driver-specific properties that are passed to the CSIdriver. Consult your driver's documentation for supported values.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--csi--node_publish_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.csi.node_publish_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?



<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--downward_api"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.downward_api`

Optional:

- `default_mode` (Number) Optional: mode bits to use on created files by default. Must be aOptional: mode bits used to set permissions on created files by default.Must be an octal value between 0000 and 0777 or a decimal value between 0 and 511.YAML accepts both octal and decimal values, JSON requires decimal values for mode bits.Defaults to 0644.Directories within the path are not affected by this setting.This might be in conflict with other options that affect the filemode, like fsGroup, and the result can be other mode bits set.
- `items` (Attributes List) Items is a list of downward API volume file (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--downward_api--items))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--downward_api--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.downward_api.items`

Required:

- `path` (String) Required: Path is  the relative path name of the file to be created. Must not be absolute or contain the '..' path. Must be utf-8 encoded. The first item of the relative path must not start with '..'

Optional:

- `field_ref` (Attributes) Required: Selects a field of the pod: only annotations, labels, name and namespace are supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--downward_api--items--field_ref))
- `mode` (Number) Optional: mode bits used to set permissions on this file, must be an octal valuebetween 0000 and 0777 or a decimal value between 0 and 511.YAML accepts both octal and decimal values, JSON requires decimal values for mode bits.If not specified, the volume defaultMode will be used.This might be in conflict with other options that affect the filemode, like fsGroup, and the result can be other mode bits set.
- `resource_field_ref` (Attributes) Selects a resource of the container: only resources limits and requests(limits.cpu, limits.memory, requests.cpu and requests.memory) are currently supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--downward_api--items--resource_field_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--downward_api--items--field_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.downward_api.items.field_ref`

Required:

- `field_path` (String) Path of the field to select in the specified API version.

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) Version of the schema the FieldPath is written in terms of, defaults to 'v1'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--downward_api--items--resource_field_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.downward_api.items.resource_field_ref`

Required:

- `resource` (String) Required: resource to select

Optional:

- `container_name` (String) Container name: required for volumes, optional for env vars
- `divisor` (String) Specifies the output format of the exposed resources, defaults to '1'




<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--empty_dir"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.empty_dir`

Optional:

- `medium` (String) medium represents what type of storage medium should back this directory.The default is '' which means to use the node's default medium.Must be an empty string (default) or Memory.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#emptydir
- `size_limit` (String) sizeLimit is the total amount of local storage required for this EmptyDir volume.The size limit is also applicable for memory medium.The maximum usage on memory medium EmptyDir would be the minimum value betweenthe SizeLimit specified here and the sum of memory limits of all containers in a pod.The default is nil which means that the limit is undefined.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#emptydir


<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--ephemeral"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.ephemeral`

Optional:

- `volume_claim_template` (Attributes) Will be used to create a stand-alone PVC to provision the volume.The pod in which this EphemeralVolumeSource is embedded will be theowner of the PVC, i.e. the PVC will be deleted together with thepod.  The name of the PVC will be '<pod name>-<volume name>' where'<volume name>' is the name from the 'PodSpec.Volumes' arrayentry. Pod validation will reject the pod if the concatenated nameis not valid for a PVC (for example, too long).An existing PVC with that name that is not owned by the podwill *not* be used for the pod to avoid using an unrelatedvolume by mistake. Starting the pod is then blocked untilthe unrelated PVC is removed. If such a pre-created PVC ismeant to be used by the pod, the PVC has to updated with anowner reference to the pod once the pod exists. Normallythis should not be necessary, but it may be useful whenmanually reconstructing a broken cluster.This field is read-only and no changes will be made by Kubernetesto the PVC after it has been created.Required, must not be nil. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--ephemeral--volume_claim_template))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--ephemeral--volume_claim_template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.ephemeral.volume_claim_template`

Required:

- `spec` (Attributes) The specification for the PersistentVolumeClaim. The entire content iscopied unchanged into the PVC that gets created from thistemplate. The same fields as in a PersistentVolumeClaimare also valid here. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--ephemeral--volume_claim_template--spec))

Optional:

- `metadata` (Map of String) May contain labels and annotations that will be copied into the PVCwhen creating it. No other fields are allowed and will be rejected duringvalidation.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--ephemeral--volume_claim_template--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.ephemeral.volume_claim_template.spec`

Optional:

- `access_modes` (List of String) accessModes contains the desired access modes the volume should have.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#access-modes-1
- `data_source` (Attributes) dataSource field can be used to specify either:* An existing VolumeSnapshot object (snapshot.storage.k8s.io/VolumeSnapshot)* An existing PVC (PersistentVolumeClaim)If the provisioner or an external controller can support the specified data source,it will create a new volume based on the contents of the specified data source.When the AnyVolumeDataSource feature gate is enabled, dataSource contents will be copied to dataSourceRef,and dataSourceRef contents will be copied to dataSource when dataSourceRef.namespace is not specified.If the namespace is specified, then dataSourceRef will not be copied to dataSource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--ephemeral--volume_claim_template--spec--data_source))
- `data_source_ref` (Attributes) dataSourceRef specifies the object from which to populate the volume with data, if a non-emptyvolume is desired. This may be any object from a non-empty API group (noncore object) or a PersistentVolumeClaim object.When this field is specified, volume binding will only succeed if the type ofthe specified object matches some installed volume populator or dynamicprovisioner.This field will replace the functionality of the dataSource field and as suchif both fields are non-empty, they must have the same value. For backwardscompatibility, when namespace isn't specified in dataSourceRef,both fields (dataSource and dataSourceRef) will be set to the samevalue automatically if one of them is empty and the other is non-empty.When namespace is specified in dataSourceRef,dataSource isn't set to the same value and must be empty.There are three important differences between dataSource and dataSourceRef:* While dataSource only allows two specific types of objects, dataSourceRef  allows any non-core object, as well as PersistentVolumeClaim objects.* While dataSource ignores disallowed values (dropping them), dataSourceRef  preserves all values, and generates an error if a disallowed value is  specified.* While dataSource only allows local objects, dataSourceRef allows objects  in any namespaces.(Beta) Using this field requires the AnyVolumeDataSource feature gate to be enabled.(Alpha) Using the namespace field of dataSourceRef requires the CrossNamespaceVolumeDataSource feature gate to be enabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--ephemeral--volume_claim_template--spec--data_source_ref))
- `resources` (Attributes) resources represents the minimum resources the volume should have.If RecoverVolumeExpansionFailure feature is enabled users are allowed to specify resource requirementsthat are lower than previous value but must still be higher than capacity recorded in thestatus field of the claim.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#resources (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--ephemeral--volume_claim_template--spec--resources))
- `selector` (Attributes) selector is a label query over volumes to consider for binding. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--ephemeral--volume_claim_template--spec--selector))
- `storage_class_name` (String) storageClassName is the name of the StorageClass required by the claim.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#class-1
- `volume_attributes_class_name` (String) volumeAttributesClassName may be used to set the VolumeAttributesClass used by this claim.If specified, the CSI driver will create or update the volume with the attributes definedin the corresponding VolumeAttributesClass. This has a different purpose than storageClassName,it can be changed after the claim is created. An empty string value means that no VolumeAttributesClasswill be applied to the claim but it's not allowed to reset this field to empty string once it is set.If unspecified and the PersistentVolumeClaim is unbound, the default VolumeAttributesClasswill be set by the persistentvolume controller if it exists.If the resource referred to by volumeAttributesClass does not exist, this PersistentVolumeClaim will beset to a Pending state, as reflected by the modifyVolumeStatus field, until such as a resourceexists.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#volumeattributesclass(Alpha) Using this field requires the VolumeAttributesClass feature gate to be enabled.
- `volume_mode` (String) volumeMode defines what type of volume is required by the claim.Value of Filesystem is implied when not included in claim spec.
- `volume_name` (String) volumeName is the binding reference to the PersistentVolume backing this claim.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--ephemeral--volume_claim_template--spec--data_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.ephemeral.volume_claim_template.spec.data_source`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind is the type of resource being referenced
- `name` (String) Name is the name of resource being referenced

Optional:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup is the group for the resource being referenced.If APIGroup is not specified, the specified Kind must be in the core API group.For any other third-party types, APIGroup is required.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--ephemeral--volume_claim_template--spec--data_source_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.ephemeral.volume_claim_template.spec.data_source_ref`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind is the type of resource being referenced
- `name` (String) Name is the name of resource being referenced

Optional:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup is the group for the resource being referenced.If APIGroup is not specified, the specified Kind must be in the core API group.For any other third-party types, APIGroup is required.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of resource being referencedNote that when a namespace is specified, a gateway.networking.k8s.io/ReferenceGrant object is required in the referent namespace to allow that namespace's owner to accept the reference. See the ReferenceGrant documentation for details.(Alpha) This field requires the CrossNamespaceVolumeDataSource feature gate to be enabled.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--ephemeral--volume_claim_template--spec--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.ephemeral.volume_claim_template.spec.resources`

Optional:

- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required.If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified,otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/


<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--ephemeral--volume_claim_template--spec--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.ephemeral.volume_claim_template.spec.selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--ephemeral--volume_claim_template--spec--volume_name--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--ephemeral--volume_claim_template--spec--volume_name--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.ephemeral.volume_claim_template.spec.volume_name.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.






<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--fc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.fc`

Optional:

- `fs_type` (String) fsType is the filesystem type to mount.Must be a filesystem type supported by the host operating system.Ex. 'ext4', 'xfs', 'ntfs'. Implicitly inferred to be 'ext4' if unspecified.TODO: how do we prevent errors in the filesystem from compromising the machine
- `lun` (Number) lun is Optional: FC target lun number
- `read_only` (Boolean) readOnly is Optional: Defaults to false (read/write). ReadOnly here will forcethe ReadOnly setting in VolumeMounts.
- `target_ww_ns` (List of String) targetWWNs is Optional: FC target worldwide names (WWNs)
- `wwids` (List of String) wwids Optional: FC volume world wide identifiers (wwids)Either wwids or combination of targetWWNs and lun must be set, but not both simultaneously.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--flex_volume"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.flex_volume`

Required:

- `driver` (String) driver is the name of the driver to use for this volume.

Optional:

- `fs_type` (String) fsType is the filesystem type to mount.Must be a filesystem type supported by the host operating system.Ex. 'ext4', 'xfs', 'ntfs'. The default filesystem depends on FlexVolume script.
- `options` (Map of String) options is Optional: this field holds extra command options if any.
- `read_only` (Boolean) readOnly is Optional: defaults to false (read/write). ReadOnly here will forcethe ReadOnly setting in VolumeMounts.
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) secretRef is Optional: secretRef is reference to the secret object containingsensitive information to pass to the plugin scripts. This may beempty if no secret object is specified. If the secret objectcontains more than one secret, all secrets are passed to the pluginscripts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--flex_volume--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--flex_volume--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.flex_volume.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?



<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--flocker"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.flocker`

Optional:

- `dataset_name` (String) datasetName is Name of the dataset stored as metadata -> name on the dataset for Flockershould be considered as deprecated
- `dataset_uuid` (String) datasetUUID is the UUID of the dataset. This is unique identifier of a Flocker dataset


<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--gce_persistent_disk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.gce_persistent_disk`

Required:

- `pd_name` (String) pdName is unique name of the PD resource in GCE. Used to identify the disk in GCE.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#gcepersistentdisk

Optional:

- `fs_type` (String) fsType is filesystem type of the volume that you want to mount.Tip: Ensure that the filesystem type is supported by the host operating system.Examples: 'ext4', 'xfs', 'ntfs'. Implicitly inferred to be 'ext4' if unspecified.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#gcepersistentdiskTODO: how do we prevent errors in the filesystem from compromising the machine
- `partition` (Number) partition is the partition in the volume that you want to mount.If omitted, the default is to mount by volume name.Examples: For volume /dev/sda1, you specify the partition as '1'.Similarly, the volume partition for /dev/sda is '0' (or you can leave the property empty).More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#gcepersistentdisk
- `read_only` (Boolean) readOnly here will force the ReadOnly setting in VolumeMounts.Defaults to false.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#gcepersistentdisk


<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--git_repo"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.git_repo`

Required:

- `repository` (String) repository is the URL

Optional:

- `directory` (String) directory is the target directory name.Must not contain or start with '..'.  If '.' is supplied, the volume directory will be thegit repository.  Otherwise, if specified, the volume will contain the git repository inthe subdirectory with the given name.
- `revision` (String) revision is the commit hash for the specified revision.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--glusterfs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.glusterfs`

Required:

- `endpoints` (String) endpoints is the endpoint name that details Glusterfs topology.More info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/glusterfs/README.md#create-a-pod
- `path` (String) path is the Glusterfs volume path.More info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/glusterfs/README.md#create-a-pod

Optional:

- `read_only` (Boolean) readOnly here will force the Glusterfs volume to be mounted with read-only permissions.Defaults to false.More info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/glusterfs/README.md#create-a-pod


<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--host_path"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.host_path`

Required:

- `path` (String) path of the directory on the host.If the path is a symlink, it will follow the link to the real path.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#hostpath

Optional:

- `type` (String) type for HostPath VolumeDefaults to ''More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#hostpath


<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--iscsi"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.iscsi`

Required:

- `iqn` (String) iqn is the target iSCSI Qualified Name.
- `lun` (Number) lun represents iSCSI Target Lun number.
- `target_portal` (String) targetPortal is iSCSI Target Portal. The Portal is either an IP or ip_addr:port if the portis other than default (typically TCP ports 860 and 3260).

Optional:

- `chap_auth_discovery` (Boolean) chapAuthDiscovery defines whether support iSCSI Discovery CHAP authentication
- `chap_auth_session` (Boolean) chapAuthSession defines whether support iSCSI Session CHAP authentication
- `fs_type` (String) fsType is the filesystem type of the volume that you want to mount.Tip: Ensure that the filesystem type is supported by the host operating system.Examples: 'ext4', 'xfs', 'ntfs'. Implicitly inferred to be 'ext4' if unspecified.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#iscsiTODO: how do we prevent errors in the filesystem from compromising the machine
- `initiator_name` (String) initiatorName is the custom iSCSI Initiator Name.If initiatorName is specified with iscsiInterface simultaneously, new iSCSI interface<target portal>:<volume name> will be created for the connection.
- `iscsi_interface` (String) iscsiInterface is the interface Name that uses an iSCSI transport.Defaults to 'default' (tcp).
- `portals` (List of String) portals is the iSCSI Target Portal List. The portal is either an IP or ip_addr:port if the portis other than default (typically TCP ports 860 and 3260).
- `read_only` (Boolean) readOnly here will force the ReadOnly setting in VolumeMounts.Defaults to false.
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) secretRef is the CHAP Secret for iSCSI target and initiator authentication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--iscsi--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--iscsi--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.iscsi.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?



<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--nfs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.nfs`

Required:

- `path` (String) path that is exported by the NFS server.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#nfs
- `server` (String) server is the hostname or IP address of the NFS server.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#nfs

Optional:

- `read_only` (Boolean) readOnly here will force the NFS export to be mounted with read-only permissions.Defaults to false.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#nfs


<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--persistent_volume_claim"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.persistent_volume_claim`

Required:

- `claim_name` (String) claimName is the name of a PersistentVolumeClaim in the same namespace as the pod using this volume.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#persistentvolumeclaims

Optional:

- `read_only` (Boolean) readOnly Will force the ReadOnly setting in VolumeMounts.Default false.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--photon_persistent_disk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.photon_persistent_disk`

Required:

- `pd_id` (String) pdID is the ID that identifies Photon Controller persistent disk

Optional:

- `fs_type` (String) fsType is the filesystem type to mount.Must be a filesystem type supported by the host operating system.Ex. 'ext4', 'xfs', 'ntfs'. Implicitly inferred to be 'ext4' if unspecified.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--portworx_volume"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.portworx_volume`

Required:

- `volume_id` (String) volumeID uniquely identifies a Portworx volume

Optional:

- `fs_type` (String) fSType represents the filesystem type to mountMust be a filesystem type supported by the host operating system.Ex. 'ext4', 'xfs'. Implicitly inferred to be 'ext4' if unspecified.
- `read_only` (Boolean) readOnly defaults to false (read/write). ReadOnly here will forcethe ReadOnly setting in VolumeMounts.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--projected"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.projected`

Optional:

- `default_mode` (Number) defaultMode are the mode bits used to set permissions on created files by default.Must be an octal value between 0000 and 0777 or a decimal value between 0 and 511.YAML accepts both octal and decimal values, JSON requires decimal values for mode bits.Directories within the path are not affected by this setting.This might be in conflict with other options that affect the filemode, like fsGroup, and the result can be other mode bits set.
- `sources` (Attributes List) sources is the list of volume projections (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--projected--sources))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--projected--sources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.projected.sources`

Optional:

- `cluster_trust_bundle` (Attributes) ClusterTrustBundle allows a pod to access the '.spec.trustBundle' fieldof ClusterTrustBundle objects in an auto-updating file.Alpha, gated by the ClusterTrustBundleProjection feature gate.ClusterTrustBundle objects can either be selected by name, or by thecombination of signer name and a label selector.Kubelet performs aggressive normalization of the PEM contents writteninto the pod filesystem.  Esoteric PEM features such as inter-blockcomments and block headers are stripped.  Certificates are deduplicated.The ordering of certificates within the file is arbitrary, and Kubeletmay change the order over time. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--projected--sources--cluster_trust_bundle))
- `config_map` (Attributes) configMap information about the configMap data to project (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--projected--sources--config_map))
- `downward_api` (Attributes) downwardAPI information about the downwardAPI data to project (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--projected--sources--downward_api))
- `secret` (Attributes) secret information about the secret data to project (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--projected--sources--secret))
- `service_account_token` (Attributes) serviceAccountToken is information about the serviceAccountToken data to project (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--projected--sources--service_account_token))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--projected--sources--cluster_trust_bundle"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.projected.sources.cluster_trust_bundle`

Required:

- `path` (String) Relative path from the volume root to write the bundle.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) Select all ClusterTrustBundles that match this label selector.  Only haseffect if signerName is set.  Mutually-exclusive with name.  If unset,interpreted as 'match nothing'.  If set but empty, interpreted as 'matcheverything'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--projected--sources--cluster_trust_bundle--label_selector))
- `name` (String) Select a single ClusterTrustBundle by object name.  Mutually-exclusivewith signerName and labelSelector.
- `optional` (Boolean) If true, don't block pod startup if the referenced ClusterTrustBundle(s)aren't available.  If using name, then the named ClusterTrustBundle isallowed not to exist.  If using signerName, then the combination ofsignerName and labelSelector is allowed to match zeroClusterTrustBundles.
- `signer_name` (String) Select all ClusterTrustBundles that match this signer name.Mutually-exclusive with name.  The contents of all selectedClusterTrustBundles will be unified and deduplicated.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--projected--sources--cluster_trust_bundle--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.projected.sources.cluster_trust_bundle.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--projected--sources--cluster_trust_bundle--signer_name--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--projected--sources--cluster_trust_bundle--signer_name--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.projected.sources.cluster_trust_bundle.signer_name.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--projected--sources--config_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.projected.sources.config_map`

Optional:

- `items` (Attributes List) items if unspecified, each key-value pair in the Data field of the referencedConfigMap will be projected into the volume as a file whose name is thekey and content is the value. If specified, the listed keys will beprojected into the specified paths, and unlisted keys will not bepresent. If a key is specified which is not present in the ConfigMap,the volume setup will error unless it is marked optional. Paths must berelative and may not contain the '..' path or start with '..'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--projected--sources--config_map--items))
- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) optional specify whether the ConfigMap or its keys must be defined

<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--projected--sources--config_map--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.projected.sources.config_map.items`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the key to project.
- `path` (String) path is the relative path of the file to map the key to.May not be an absolute path.May not contain the path element '..'.May not start with the string '..'.

Optional:

- `mode` (Number) mode is Optional: mode bits used to set permissions on this file.Must be an octal value between 0000 and 0777 or a decimal value between 0 and 511.YAML accepts both octal and decimal values, JSON requires decimal values for mode bits.If not specified, the volume defaultMode will be used.This might be in conflict with other options that affect the filemode, like fsGroup, and the result can be other mode bits set.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--projected--sources--downward_api"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.projected.sources.downward_api`

Optional:

- `items` (Attributes List) Items is a list of DownwardAPIVolume file (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--projected--sources--downward_api--items))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--projected--sources--downward_api--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.projected.sources.downward_api.items`

Required:

- `path` (String) Required: Path is  the relative path name of the file to be created. Must not be absolute or contain the '..' path. Must be utf-8 encoded. The first item of the relative path must not start with '..'

Optional:

- `field_ref` (Attributes) Required: Selects a field of the pod: only annotations, labels, name and namespace are supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--projected--sources--downward_api--items--field_ref))
- `mode` (Number) Optional: mode bits used to set permissions on this file, must be an octal valuebetween 0000 and 0777 or a decimal value between 0 and 511.YAML accepts both octal and decimal values, JSON requires decimal values for mode bits.If not specified, the volume defaultMode will be used.This might be in conflict with other options that affect the filemode, like fsGroup, and the result can be other mode bits set.
- `resource_field_ref` (Attributes) Selects a resource of the container: only resources limits and requests(limits.cpu, limits.memory, requests.cpu and requests.memory) are currently supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--projected--sources--downward_api--items--resource_field_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--projected--sources--downward_api--items--field_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.projected.sources.downward_api.items.field_ref`

Required:

- `field_path` (String) Path of the field to select in the specified API version.

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) Version of the schema the FieldPath is written in terms of, defaults to 'v1'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--projected--sources--downward_api--items--resource_field_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.projected.sources.downward_api.items.resource_field_ref`

Required:

- `resource` (String) Required: resource to select

Optional:

- `container_name` (String) Container name: required for volumes, optional for env vars
- `divisor` (String) Specifies the output format of the exposed resources, defaults to '1'




<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--projected--sources--secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.projected.sources.secret`

Optional:

- `items` (Attributes List) items if unspecified, each key-value pair in the Data field of the referencedSecret will be projected into the volume as a file whose name is thekey and content is the value. If specified, the listed keys will beprojected into the specified paths, and unlisted keys will not bepresent. If a key is specified which is not present in the Secret,the volume setup will error unless it is marked optional. Paths must berelative and may not contain the '..' path or start with '..'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--projected--sources--secret--items))
- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) optional field specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined

<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--projected--sources--secret--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.projected.sources.secret.items`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the key to project.
- `path` (String) path is the relative path of the file to map the key to.May not be an absolute path.May not contain the path element '..'.May not start with the string '..'.

Optional:

- `mode` (Number) mode is Optional: mode bits used to set permissions on this file.Must be an octal value between 0000 and 0777 or a decimal value between 0 and 511.YAML accepts both octal and decimal values, JSON requires decimal values for mode bits.If not specified, the volume defaultMode will be used.This might be in conflict with other options that affect the filemode, like fsGroup, and the result can be other mode bits set.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--projected--sources--service_account_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.projected.sources.service_account_token`

Required:

- `path` (String) path is the path relative to the mount point of the file to project thetoken into.

Optional:

- `audience` (String) audience is the intended audience of the token. A recipient of a tokenmust identify itself with an identifier specified in the audience of thetoken, and otherwise should reject the token. The audience defaults to theidentifier of the apiserver.
- `expiration_seconds` (Number) expirationSeconds is the requested duration of validity of the serviceaccount token. As the token approaches expiration, the kubelet volumeplugin will proactively rotate the service account token. The kubelet willstart trying to rotate the token if the token is older than 80 percent ofits time to live or if the token is older than 24 hours.Defaults to 1 hourand must be at least 10 minutes.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--quobyte"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.quobyte`

Required:

- `registry` (String) registry represents a single or multiple Quobyte Registry servicesspecified as a string as host:port pair (multiple entries are separated with commas)which acts as the central registry for volumes
- `volume` (String) volume is a string that references an already created Quobyte volume by name.

Optional:

- `group` (String) group to map volume access toDefault is no group
- `read_only` (Boolean) readOnly here will force the Quobyte volume to be mounted with read-only permissions.Defaults to false.
- `tenant` (String) tenant owning the given Quobyte volume in the BackendUsed with dynamically provisioned Quobyte volumes, value is set by the plugin
- `user` (String) user to map volume access toDefaults to serivceaccount user


<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--rbd"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.rbd`

Required:

- `image` (String) image is the rados image name.More info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/rbd/README.md#how-to-use-it
- `monitors` (List of String) monitors is a collection of Ceph monitors.More info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/rbd/README.md#how-to-use-it

Optional:

- `fs_type` (String) fsType is the filesystem type of the volume that you want to mount.Tip: Ensure that the filesystem type is supported by the host operating system.Examples: 'ext4', 'xfs', 'ntfs'. Implicitly inferred to be 'ext4' if unspecified.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#rbdTODO: how do we prevent errors in the filesystem from compromising the machine
- `keyring` (String) keyring is the path to key ring for RBDUser.Default is /etc/ceph/keyring.More info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/rbd/README.md#how-to-use-it
- `pool` (String) pool is the rados pool name.Default is rbd.More info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/rbd/README.md#how-to-use-it
- `read_only` (Boolean) readOnly here will force the ReadOnly setting in VolumeMounts.Defaults to false.More info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/rbd/README.md#how-to-use-it
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) secretRef is name of the authentication secret for RBDUser. If providedoverrides keyring.Default is nil.More info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/rbd/README.md#how-to-use-it (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--rbd--secret_ref))
- `user` (String) user is the rados user name.Default is admin.More info: https://examples.k8s.io/volumes/rbd/README.md#how-to-use-it

<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--rbd--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.rbd.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?



<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--scale_io"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.scale_io`

Required:

- `gateway` (String) gateway is the host address of the ScaleIO API Gateway.
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) secretRef references to the secret for ScaleIO user and othersensitive information. If this is not provided, Login operation will fail. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--scale_io--secret_ref))
- `system` (String) system is the name of the storage system as configured in ScaleIO.

Optional:

- `fs_type` (String) fsType is the filesystem type to mount.Must be a filesystem type supported by the host operating system.Ex. 'ext4', 'xfs', 'ntfs'.Default is 'xfs'.
- `protection_domain` (String) protectionDomain is the name of the ScaleIO Protection Domain for the configured storage.
- `read_only` (Boolean) readOnly Defaults to false (read/write). ReadOnly here will forcethe ReadOnly setting in VolumeMounts.
- `ssl_enabled` (Boolean) sslEnabled Flag enable/disable SSL communication with Gateway, default false
- `storage_mode` (String) storageMode indicates whether the storage for a volume should be ThickProvisioned or ThinProvisioned.Default is ThinProvisioned.
- `storage_pool` (String) storagePool is the ScaleIO Storage Pool associated with the protection domain.
- `volume_name` (String) volumeName is the name of a volume already created in the ScaleIO systemthat is associated with this volume source.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--scale_io--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.scale_io.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?



<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.secret`

Optional:

- `default_mode` (Number) defaultMode is Optional: mode bits used to set permissions on created files by default.Must be an octal value between 0000 and 0777 or a decimal value between 0 and 511.YAML accepts both octal and decimal values, JSON requires decimal valuesfor mode bits. Defaults to 0644.Directories within the path are not affected by this setting.This might be in conflict with other options that affect the filemode, like fsGroup, and the result can be other mode bits set.
- `items` (Attributes List) items If unspecified, each key-value pair in the Data field of the referencedSecret will be projected into the volume as a file whose name is thekey and content is the value. If specified, the listed keys will beprojected into the specified paths, and unlisted keys will not bepresent. If a key is specified which is not present in the Secret,the volume setup will error unless it is marked optional. Paths must berelative and may not contain the '..' path or start with '..'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--secret--items))
- `optional` (Boolean) optional field specify whether the Secret or its keys must be defined
- `secret_name` (String) secretName is the name of the secret in the pod's namespace to use.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#secret

<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--secret--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.secret.items`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the key to project.
- `path` (String) path is the relative path of the file to map the key to.May not be an absolute path.May not contain the path element '..'.May not start with the string '..'.

Optional:

- `mode` (Number) mode is Optional: mode bits used to set permissions on this file.Must be an octal value between 0000 and 0777 or a decimal value between 0 and 511.YAML accepts both octal and decimal values, JSON requires decimal values for mode bits.If not specified, the volume defaultMode will be used.This might be in conflict with other options that affect the filemode, like fsGroup, and the result can be other mode bits set.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--storageos"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.storageos`

Optional:

- `fs_type` (String) fsType is the filesystem type to mount.Must be a filesystem type supported by the host operating system.Ex. 'ext4', 'xfs', 'ntfs'. Implicitly inferred to be 'ext4' if unspecified.
- `read_only` (Boolean) readOnly defaults to false (read/write). ReadOnly here will forcethe ReadOnly setting in VolumeMounts.
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) secretRef specifies the secret to use for obtaining the StorageOS APIcredentials.  If not specified, default values will be attempted. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume--storageos--secret_ref))
- `volume_name` (String) volumeName is the human-readable name of the StorageOS volume.  Volumenames are only unique within a namespace.
- `volume_namespace` (String) volumeNamespace specifies the scope of the volume within StorageOS.  If nonamespace is specified then the Pod's namespace will be used.  This allows theKubernetes name scoping to be mirrored within StorageOS for tighter integration.Set VolumeName to any name to override the default behaviour.Set to 'default' if you are not using namespaces within StorageOS.Namespaces that do not pre-exist within StorageOS will be created.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--storageos--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.storageos.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?



<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume--vsphere_volume"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume.vsphere_volume`

Required:

- `volume_path` (String) volumePath is the path that identifies vSphere volume vmdk

Optional:

- `fs_type` (String) fsType is filesystem type to mount.Must be a filesystem type supported by the host operating system.Ex. 'ext4', 'xfs', 'ntfs'. Implicitly inferred to be 'ext4' if unspecified.
- `storage_policy_id` (String) storagePolicyID is the storage Policy Based Management (SPBM) profile ID associated with the StoragePolicyName.
- `storage_policy_name` (String) storagePolicyName is the storage Policy Based Management (SPBM) profile name.
