---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_k8s_mariadb_com_grant_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "k8s.mariadb.com"
description: |-
  Grant is the Schema for the grants API. It is used to define grants as if you were running a 'GRANT' statement.
---

# k8s_k8s_mariadb_com_grant_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

Grant is the Schema for the grants API. It is used to define grants as if you were running a 'GRANT' statement.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_k8s_mariadb_com_grant_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) GrantSpec defines the desired state of Grant (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `maria_db_ref` (Attributes) MariaDBRef is a reference to a MariaDB object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--maria_db_ref))
- `privileges` (List of String) Privileges to use in the Grant.
- `username` (String) Username to use in the Grant.

Optional:

- `cleanup_policy` (String) CleanupPolicy defines the behavior for cleaning up a SQL resource.
- `database` (String) Database to use in the Grant.
- `grant_option` (Boolean) GrantOption to use in the Grant.
- `host` (String) Host to use in the Grant. It can be localhost, an IP or '%'.
- `requeue_interval` (String) RequeueInterval is used to perform requeue reconciliations.
- `retry_interval` (String) RetryInterval is the interval used to perform retries.
- `table` (String) Table to use in the Grant.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--maria_db_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.maria_db_ref`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.
- `field_path` (String) If referring to a piece of an object instead of an entire object, this stringshould contain a valid JSON/Go field access statement, such as desiredState.manifest.containers[2].For example, if the object reference is to a container within a pod, this would take on a value like:'spec.containers{name}' (where 'name' refers to the name of the container that triggeredthe event) or if no container name is specified 'spec.containers[2]' (container withindex 2 in this pod). This syntax is chosen only to have some well-defined way ofreferencing a part of an object.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent.More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/
- `resource_version` (String) Specific resourceVersion to which this reference is made, if any.More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `uid` (String) UID of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#uids
- `wait_for_it` (Boolean) WaitForIt indicates whether the controller using this reference should wait for MariaDB to be ready.
