---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_k8s_mariadb_com_backup_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "k8s.mariadb.com"
description: |-
  Backup is the Schema for the backups API. It is used to define backup jobs and its storage.
---

# k8s_k8s_mariadb_com_backup_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

Backup is the Schema for the backups API. It is used to define backup jobs and its storage.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_k8s_mariadb_com_backup_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) BackupSpec defines the desired state of Backup (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `maria_db_ref` (Attributes) MariaDBRef is a reference to a MariaDB object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--maria_db_ref))
- `storage` (Attributes) Storage to be used in the Backup. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage))

Optional:

- `affinity` (Attributes) Affinity to be used in the Pod. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity))
- `args` (List of String) Args to be used in the Container.
- `backoff_limit` (Number) BackoffLimit defines the maximum number of attempts to successfully take a Backup.
- `databases` (List of String) Databases defines the logical databases to be backed up. If not provided, all databases are backed up.
- `failed_jobs_history_limit` (Number) FailedJobsHistoryLimit defines the maximum number of failed Jobs to be displayed.
- `ignore_global_priv` (Boolean) IgnoreGlobalPriv indicates to ignore the mysql.global_priv in backups. If not provided, it will default to true when the referred MariaDB instance has Galera enabled and otherwise to false. See: https://github.com/mariadb-operator/mariadb-operator/issues/556
- `image_pull_secrets` (Attributes List) ImagePullSecrets is the list of pull Secrets to be used to pull the image. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--image_pull_secrets))
- `inherit_metadata` (Attributes) InheritMetadata defines the metadata to be inherited by children resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--inherit_metadata))
- `log_level` (String) LogLevel to be used n the Backup Job. It defaults to 'info'.
- `max_retention` (String) MaxRetention defines the retention policy for backups. Old backups will be cleaned up by the Backup Job. It defaults to 30 days.
- `node_selector` (Map of String) NodeSelector to be used in the Pod.
- `pod_metadata` (Attributes) PodMetadata defines extra metadata for the Pod. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_metadata))
- `pod_security_context` (Attributes) SecurityContext holds pod-level security attributes and common container settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_security_context))
- `priority_class_name` (String) PriorityClassName to be used in the Pod.
- `resources` (Attributes) Resouces describes the compute resource requirements. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources))
- `restart_policy` (String) RestartPolicy to be added to the Backup Pod.
- `schedule` (Attributes) Schedule defines when the Backup will be taken. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--schedule))
- `security_context` (Attributes) SecurityContext holds security configuration that will be applied to a container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security_context))
- `service_account_name` (String) ServiceAccountName is the name of the ServiceAccount to be used by the Pods.
- `successful_jobs_history_limit` (Number) SuccessfulJobsHistoryLimit defines the maximum number of successful Jobs to be displayed.
- `time_zone` (String) TimeZone defines the timezone associated with the cron expression.
- `tolerations` (Attributes List) Tolerations to be used in the Pod. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tolerations))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--maria_db_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.maria_db_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)
- `wait_for_it` (Boolean) WaitForIt indicates whether the controller using this reference should wait for MariaDB to be ready.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage`

Optional:

- `persistent_volume_claim` (Attributes) PersistentVolumeClaim is a Kubernetes PVC specification. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--persistent_volume_claim))
- `s3` (Attributes) S3 defines the configuration to store backups in a S3 compatible storage. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--s3))
- `volume` (Attributes) Volume is a Kubernetes volume specification. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--volume))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--persistent_volume_claim"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.persistent_volume_claim`

Optional:

- `access_modes` (List of String)
- `resources` (Attributes) VolumeResourceRequirements describes the storage resource requirements for a volume. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--persistent_volume_claim--resources))
- `selector` (Attributes) A label selector is a label query over a set of resources. The result of matchLabels and matchExpressions are ANDed. An empty label selector matches all objects. A null label selector matches no objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--persistent_volume_claim--selector))
- `storage_class_name` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--persistent_volume_claim--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.persistent_volume_claim.resources`

Optional:

- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--persistent_volume_claim--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.persistent_volume_claim.selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--persistent_volume_claim--selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--persistent_volume_claim--selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.persistent_volume_claim.selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--s3"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.s3`

Required:

- `access_key_id_secret_key_ref` (Attributes) AccessKeyIdSecretKeyRef is a reference to a Secret key containing the S3 access key id. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--s3--access_key_id_secret_key_ref))
- `bucket` (String) Bucket is the name Name of the bucket to store backups.
- `endpoint` (String) Endpoint is the S3 API endpoint without scheme.
- `secret_access_key_secret_key_ref` (Attributes) AccessKeyIdSecretKeyRef is a reference to a Secret key containing the S3 secret key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--s3--secret_access_key_secret_key_ref))

Optional:

- `prefix` (String) Prefix indicates a folder/subfolder in the bucket. For example: mariadb/ or mariadb/backups. A trailing slash '/' is added if not provided.
- `region` (String) Region is the S3 region name to use.
- `session_token_secret_key_ref` (Attributes) SessionTokenSecretKeyRef is a reference to a Secret key containing the S3 session token. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--s3--session_token_secret_key_ref))
- `tls` (Attributes) TLS provides the configuration required to establish TLS connections with S3. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--s3--tls))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--s3--access_key_id_secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.s3.access_key_id_secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String)

Optional:

- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--s3--secret_access_key_secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.s3.secret_access_key_secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String)

Optional:

- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--s3--session_token_secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.s3.session_token_secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String)

Optional:

- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--s3--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.s3.tls`

Optional:

- `ca_secret_key_ref` (Attributes) CASecretKeyRef is a reference to a Secret key containing a CA bundle in PEM format used to establish TLS connections with S3. By default, the system trust chain will be used, but you can use this field to add more CAs to the bundle. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--s3--tls--ca_secret_key_ref))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled is a flag to enable TLS.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--s3--tls--ca_secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.s3.tls.ca_secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String)

Optional:

- `name` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--volume"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.volume`

Optional:

- `csi` (Attributes) Represents a source location of a volume to mount, managed by an external CSI driver (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--volume--csi))
- `empty_dir` (Attributes) Represents an empty directory for a pod. Empty directory volumes support ownership management and SELinux relabeling. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--volume--empty_dir))
- `nfs` (Attributes) Represents an NFS mount that lasts the lifetime of a pod. NFS volumes do not support ownership management or SELinux relabeling. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--volume--nfs))
- `persistent_volume_claim` (Attributes) PersistentVolumeClaimVolumeSource references the user's PVC in the same namespace. This volume finds the bound PV and mounts that volume for the pod. A PersistentVolumeClaimVolumeSource is, essentially, a wrapper around another type of volume that is owned by someone else (the system). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--volume--persistent_volume_claim))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--volume--csi"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.volume.csi`

Required:

- `driver` (String) driver is the name of the CSI driver that handles this volume. Consult with your admin for the correct name as registered in the cluster.

Optional:

- `fs_type` (String) fsType to mount. Ex. 'ext4', 'xfs', 'ntfs'. If not provided, the empty value is passed to the associated CSI driver which will determine the default filesystem to apply.
- `node_publish_secret_ref` (Attributes) nodePublishSecretRef is a reference to the secret object containing sensitive information to pass to the CSI driver to complete the CSI NodePublishVolume and NodeUnpublishVolume calls. This field is optional, and may be empty if no secret is required. If the secret object contains more than one secret, all secret references are passed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--volume--csi--node_publish_secret_ref))
- `read_only` (Boolean) readOnly specifies a read-only configuration for the volume. Defaults to false (read/write).
- `volume_attributes` (Map of String) volumeAttributes stores driver-specific properties that are passed to the CSI driver. Consult your driver's documentation for supported values.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--volume--csi--node_publish_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.volume.csi.node_publish_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. This field is effectively required, but due to backwards compatibility is allowed to be empty. Instances of this type with an empty value here are almost certainly wrong. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names



<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--volume--empty_dir"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.volume.empty_dir`

Optional:

- `medium` (String) medium represents what type of storage medium should back this directory. The default is '' which means to use the node's default medium. Must be an empty string (default) or Memory. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#emptydir
- `size_limit` (String) sizeLimit is the total amount of local storage required for this EmptyDir volume. The size limit is also applicable for memory medium. The maximum usage on memory medium EmptyDir would be the minimum value between the SizeLimit specified here and the sum of memory limits of all containers in a pod. The default is nil which means that the limit is undefined. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#emptydir


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--volume--nfs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.volume.nfs`

Required:

- `path` (String) path that is exported by the NFS server. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#nfs
- `server` (String) server is the hostname or IP address of the NFS server. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#nfs

Optional:

- `read_only` (Boolean) readOnly here will force the NFS export to be mounted with read-only permissions. Defaults to false. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#nfs


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--volume--persistent_volume_claim"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.volume.persistent_volume_claim`

Required:

- `claim_name` (String) claimName is the name of a PersistentVolumeClaim in the same namespace as the pod using this volume. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#persistentvolumeclaims

Optional:

- `read_only` (Boolean) readOnly Will force the ReadOnly setting in VolumeMounts. Default false.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity`

Optional:

- `anti_affinity_enabled` (Boolean) AntiAffinityEnabled configures PodAntiAffinity so each Pod is scheduled in a different Node, enabling HA. Make sure you have at least as many Nodes available as the replicas to not end up with unscheduled Pods.
- `pod_anti_affinity` (Attributes) Refer to the Kubernetes docs: https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.31/#podantiaffinity-v1-core. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `pod_affinity_term` (Attributes) Refer to the Kubernetes docs: https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.31/#podaffinityterm-v1-core. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term))
- `weight` (Number)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String)

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label selector is a label query over a set of resources. The result of matchLabels and matchExpressions are ANDed. An empty label selector matches all objects. A null label selector matches no objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.label_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String)

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label selector is a label query over a set of resources. The result of matchLabels and matchExpressions are ANDed. An empty label selector matches all objects. A null label selector matches no objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.






<a id="nestedatt--spec--image_pull_secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.image_pull_secrets`

Optional:

- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--inherit_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.inherit_metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations to be added to children resources.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to be added to children resources.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations to be added to children resources.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to be added to children resources.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_security_context"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_security_context`

Optional:

- `app_armor_profile` (Attributes) appArmorProfile is the AppArmor options to use by the containers in this pod. Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_security_context--app_armor_profile))
- `fs_group` (Number) A special supplemental group that applies to all containers in a pod. Some volume types allow the Kubelet to change the ownership of that volume to be owned by the pod: 1. The owning GID will be the FSGroup 2. The setgid bit is set (new files created in the volume will be owned by FSGroup) 3. The permission bits are OR'd with rw-rw---- If unset, the Kubelet will not modify the ownership and permissions of any volume. Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `fs_group_change_policy` (String) fsGroupChangePolicy defines behavior of changing ownership and permission of the volume before being exposed inside Pod. This field will only apply to volume types which support fsGroup based ownership(and permissions). It will have no effect on ephemeral volume types such as: secret, configmaps and emptydir. Valid values are 'OnRootMismatch' and 'Always'. If not specified, 'Always' is used. Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `run_as_group` (Number) The GID to run the entrypoint of the container process. Uses runtime default if unset. May also be set in SecurityContext. If set in both SecurityContext and PodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence for that container. Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `run_as_non_root` (Boolean) Indicates that the container must run as a non-root user. If true, the Kubelet will validate the image at runtime to ensure that it does not run as UID 0 (root) and fail to start the container if it does. If unset or false, no such validation will be performed. May also be set in SecurityContext. If set in both SecurityContext and PodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.
- `run_as_user` (Number) The UID to run the entrypoint of the container process. Defaults to user specified in image metadata if unspecified. May also be set in SecurityContext. If set in both SecurityContext and PodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence for that container. Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `se_linux_options` (Attributes) The SELinux context to be applied to all containers. If unspecified, the container runtime will allocate a random SELinux context for each container. May also be set in SecurityContext. If set in both SecurityContext and PodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence for that container. Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_security_context--se_linux_options))
- `seccomp_profile` (Attributes) The seccomp options to use by the containers in this pod. Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_security_context--seccomp_profile))
- `supplemental_groups` (List of String) A list of groups applied to the first process run in each container, in addition to the container's primary GID and fsGroup (if specified). If the SupplementalGroupsPolicy feature is enabled, the supplementalGroupsPolicy field determines whether these are in addition to or instead of any group memberships defined in the container image. If unspecified, no additional groups are added, though group memberships defined in the container image may still be used, depending on the supplementalGroupsPolicy field. Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `supplemental_groups_policy` (String) Defines how supplemental groups of the first container processes are calculated. Valid values are 'Merge' and 'Strict'. If not specified, 'Merge' is used. (Alpha) Using the field requires the SupplementalGroupsPolicy feature gate to be enabled and the container runtime must implement support for this feature. Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `sysctls` (Attributes List) Sysctls hold a list of namespaced sysctls used for the pod. Pods with unsupported sysctls (by the container runtime) might fail to launch. Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_security_context--sysctls))
- `windows_options` (Attributes) The Windows specific settings applied to all containers. If unspecified, the options within a container's SecurityContext will be used. If set in both SecurityContext and PodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence. Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is linux. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_security_context--windows_options))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_security_context--app_armor_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_security_context.app_armor_profile`

Required:

- `type` (String) type indicates which kind of AppArmor profile will be applied. Valid options are: Localhost - a profile pre-loaded on the node. RuntimeDefault - the container runtime's default profile. Unconfined - no AppArmor enforcement.

Optional:

- `localhost_profile` (String) localhostProfile indicates a profile loaded on the node that should be used. The profile must be preconfigured on the node to work. Must match the loaded name of the profile. Must be set if and only if type is 'Localhost'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_security_context--se_linux_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_security_context.se_linux_options`

Optional:

- `level` (String) Level is SELinux level label that applies to the container.
- `role` (String) Role is a SELinux role label that applies to the container.
- `type` (String) Type is a SELinux type label that applies to the container.
- `user` (String) User is a SELinux user label that applies to the container.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_security_context--seccomp_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_security_context.seccomp_profile`

Required:

- `type` (String) type indicates which kind of seccomp profile will be applied. Valid options are: Localhost - a profile defined in a file on the node should be used. RuntimeDefault - the container runtime default profile should be used. Unconfined - no profile should be applied.

Optional:

- `localhost_profile` (String) localhostProfile indicates a profile defined in a file on the node should be used. The profile must be preconfigured on the node to work. Must be a descending path, relative to the kubelet's configured seccomp profile location. Must be set if type is 'Localhost'. Must NOT be set for any other type.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_security_context--sysctls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_security_context.sysctls`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of a property to set
- `value` (String) Value of a property to set


<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_security_context--windows_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_security_context.windows_options`

Optional:

- `gmsa_credential_spec` (String) GMSACredentialSpec is where the GMSA admission webhook (https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/windows-gmsa) inlines the contents of the GMSA credential spec named by the GMSACredentialSpecName field.
- `gmsa_credential_spec_name` (String) GMSACredentialSpecName is the name of the GMSA credential spec to use.
- `host_process` (Boolean) HostProcess determines if a container should be run as a 'Host Process' container. All of a Pod's containers must have the same effective HostProcess value (it is not allowed to have a mix of HostProcess containers and non-HostProcess containers). In addition, if HostProcess is true then HostNetwork must also be set to true.
- `run_as_user_name` (String) The UserName in Windows to run the entrypoint of the container process. Defaults to the user specified in image metadata if unspecified. May also be set in PodSecurityContext. If set in both SecurityContext and PodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources`

Optional:

- `limits` (Map of String) ResourceList is a set of (resource name, quantity) pairs.
- `requests` (Map of String) ResourceList is a set of (resource name, quantity) pairs.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.schedule`

Required:

- `cron` (String) Cron is a cron expression that defines the schedule.

Optional:

- `suspend` (Boolean) Suspend defines whether the schedule is active or not.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--security_context"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security_context`

Optional:

- `allow_privilege_escalation` (Boolean)
- `capabilities` (Attributes) Adds and removes POSIX capabilities from running containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security_context--capabilities))
- `privileged` (Boolean)
- `read_only_root_filesystem` (Boolean)
- `run_as_group` (Number)
- `run_as_non_root` (Boolean)
- `run_as_user` (Number)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--security_context--capabilities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security_context.capabilities`

Optional:

- `add` (List of String) Added capabilities
- `drop` (List of String) Removed capabilities



<a id="nestedatt--spec--tolerations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tolerations`

Optional:

- `effect` (String) Effect indicates the taint effect to match. Empty means match all taint effects. When specified, allowed values are NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Key is the taint key that the toleration applies to. Empty means match all taint keys. If the key is empty, operator must be Exists; this combination means to match all values and all keys.
- `operator` (String) Operator represents a key's relationship to the value. Valid operators are Exists and Equal. Defaults to Equal. Exists is equivalent to wildcard for value, so that a pod can tolerate all taints of a particular category.
- `toleration_seconds` (Number) TolerationSeconds represents the period of time the toleration (which must be of effect NoExecute, otherwise this field is ignored) tolerates the taint. By default, it is not set, which means tolerate the taint forever (do not evict). Zero and negative values will be treated as 0 (evict immediately) by the system.
- `value` (String) Value is the taint value the toleration matches to. If the operator is Exists, the value should be empty, otherwise just a regular string.
