---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_kafka_strimzi_io_kafka_user_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "kafka.strimzi.io"
description: |-
  
---

# k8s_kafka_strimzi_io_kafka_user_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_kafka_strimzi_io_kafka_user_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) The specification of the user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `authentication` (Attributes) Authentication mechanism enabled for this Kafka user. The supported authentication mechanisms are 'scram-sha-512', 'tls', and 'tls-external'. * 'scram-sha-512' generates a secret with SASL SCRAM-SHA-512 credentials.* 'tls' generates a secret with user certificate for mutual TLS authentication.* 'tls-external' does not generate a user certificate.   But prepares the user for using mutual TLS authentication using a user certificate generated outside the User Operator.  ACLs and quotas set for this user are configured in the 'CN=<username>' format.Authentication is optional. If authentication is not configured, no credentials are generated. ACLs and quotas set for the user are configured in the '<username>' format suitable for SASL authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--authentication))
- `authorization` (Attributes) Authorization rules for this Kafka user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--authorization))
- `quotas` (Attributes) Quotas on requests to control the broker resources used by clients. Network bandwidth and request rate quotas can be enforced.Kafka documentation for Kafka User quotas can be found at http://kafka.apache.org/documentation/#design_quotas. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--quotas))
- `template` (Attributes) Template to specify how Kafka User 'Secrets' are generated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.authentication`

Required:

- `type` (String) Authentication type.

Optional:

- `password` (Attributes) Specify the password for the user. If not set, a new password is generated by the User Operator. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--authentication--password))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--authentication--password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.authentication.password`

Required:

- `value_from` (Attributes) Secret from which the password should be read. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--authentication--password--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--authentication--password--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.authentication.password.value_from`

Optional:

- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a Secret in the resource's namespace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--authentication--password--value_from--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--authentication--password--value_from--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.authentication.password.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `optional` (Boolean)





<a id="nestedatt--spec--authorization"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.authorization`

Required:

- `acls` (Attributes List) List of ACL rules which should be applied to this user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--authorization--acls))
- `type` (String) Authorization type. Currently the only supported type is 'simple'. 'simple' authorization type uses the Kafka Admin API for managing the ACL rules.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--authorization--acls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.authorization.acls`

Required:

- `resource` (Attributes) Indicates the resource for which given ACL rule applies. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--authorization--acls--resource))

Optional:

- `host` (String) The host from which the action described in the ACL rule is allowed or denied.
- `operation` (String) Operation which will be allowed or denied. Supported operations are: Read, Write, Create, Delete, Alter, Describe, ClusterAction, AlterConfigs, DescribeConfigs, IdempotentWrite and All.
- `operations` (List of String) List of operations which will be allowed or denied. Supported operations are: Read, Write, Create, Delete, Alter, Describe, ClusterAction, AlterConfigs, DescribeConfigs, IdempotentWrite and All.
- `type` (String) The type of the rule. Currently the only supported type is 'allow'. ACL rules with type 'allow' are used to allow user to execute the specified operations. Default value is 'allow'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--authorization--acls--resource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.authorization.acls.type`

Required:

- `type` (String) Resource type. The available resource types are 'topic', 'group', 'cluster', and 'transactionalId'.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of resource for which given ACL rule applies. Can be combined with 'patternType' field to use prefix pattern.
- `pattern_type` (String) Describes the pattern used in the resource field. The supported types are 'literal' and 'prefix'. With 'literal' pattern type, the resource field will be used as a definition of a full name. With 'prefix' pattern type, the resource name will be used only as a prefix. Default value is 'literal'.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--quotas"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.quotas`

Optional:

- `consumer_byte_rate` (Number) A quota on the maximum bytes per-second that each client group can fetch from a broker before the clients in the group are throttled. Defined on a per-broker basis.
- `controller_mutation_rate` (Number) A quota on the rate at which mutations are accepted for the create topics request, the create partitions request and the delete topics request. The rate is accumulated by the number of partitions created or deleted.
- `producer_byte_rate` (Number) A quota on the maximum bytes per-second that each client group can publish to a broker before the clients in the group are throttled. Defined on a per-broker basis.
- `request_percentage` (Number) A quota on the maximum CPU utilization of each client group as a percentage of network and I/O threads.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template`

Optional:

- `secret` (Attributes) Template for KafkaUser resources. The template allows users to specify how the 'Secret' with password or TLS certificates is generated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--secret))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.secret`

Optional:

- `metadata` (Attributes) Metadata applied to the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--secret--metadata))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--secret--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.secret.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations added to the Kubernetes resource.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels added to the Kubernetes resource.
