---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_kafka_strimzi_io_kafka_mirror_maker2_v1beta2_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "kafka.strimzi.io"
description: |-
  
---

# k8s_kafka_strimzi_io_kafka_mirror_maker2_v1beta2_manifest (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_kafka_strimzi_io_kafka_mirror_maker2_v1beta2_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) The specification of the Kafka MirrorMaker 2 cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `connect_cluster` (String) The cluster alias used for Kafka Connect. The value must match the alias of the *target* Kafka cluster as specified in the 'spec.clusters' configuration. The target Kafka cluster is used by the underlying Kafka Connect framework for its internal topics.

Optional:

- `client_rack_init_image` (String) The image of the init container used for initializing the 'client.rack'.
- `clusters` (Attributes List) Kafka clusters for mirroring. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--clusters))
- `external_configuration` (Attributes) Pass data from Secrets or ConfigMaps to the Kafka Connect pods and use them to configure connectors. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--external_configuration))
- `image` (String) The container image used for Kafka Connect pods. If no image name is explicitly specified, it is determined based on the 'spec.version' configuration. The image names are specifically mapped to corresponding versions in the Cluster Operator configuration.
- `jmx_options` (Attributes) JMX Options. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--jmx_options))
- `jvm_options` (Attributes) JVM Options for pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--jvm_options))
- `liveness_probe` (Attributes) Pod liveness checking. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--liveness_probe))
- `logging` (Attributes) Logging configuration for Kafka Connect. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--logging))
- `metrics_config` (Attributes) Metrics configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--metrics_config))
- `mirrors` (Attributes List) Configuration of the MirrorMaker 2 connectors. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mirrors))
- `rack` (Attributes) Configuration of the node label which will be used as the 'client.rack' consumer configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rack))
- `readiness_probe` (Attributes) Pod readiness checking. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--readiness_probe))
- `replicas` (Number) The number of pods in the Kafka Connect group. Defaults to '3'.
- `resources` (Attributes) The maximum limits for CPU and memory resources and the requested initial resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources))
- `template` (Attributes) Template for Kafka Connect and Kafka MirrorMaker 2 resources. The template allows users to specify how the 'Pods', 'Service', and other services are generated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template))
- `tracing` (Attributes) The configuration of tracing in Kafka Connect. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tracing))
- `version` (String) The Kafka Connect version. Defaults to the latest version. Consult the user documentation to understand the process required to upgrade or downgrade the version.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--clusters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.clusters`

Required:

- `alias` (String) Alias used to reference the Kafka cluster.
- `bootstrap_servers` (String) A comma-separated list of 'host:port' pairs for establishing the connection to the Kafka cluster.

Optional:

- `authentication` (Attributes) Authentication configuration for connecting to the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--clusters--authentication))
- `config` (Map of String) The MirrorMaker 2 cluster config. Properties with the following prefixes cannot be set: ssl., sasl., security., listeners, plugin.path, rest., bootstrap.servers, consumer.interceptor.classes, producer.interceptor.classes (with the exception of: ssl.endpoint.identification.algorithm, ssl.cipher.suites, ssl.protocol, ssl.enabled.protocols).
- `tls` (Attributes) TLS configuration for connecting MirrorMaker 2 connectors to a cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--clusters--tls))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--clusters--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.clusters.authentication`

Required:

- `type` (String) Authentication type. Currently the supported types are 'tls', 'scram-sha-256', 'scram-sha-512', 'plain', and 'oauth'. 'scram-sha-256' and 'scram-sha-512' types use SASL SCRAM-SHA-256 and SASL SCRAM-SHA-512 Authentication, respectively. 'plain' type uses SASL PLAIN Authentication. 'oauth' type uses SASL OAUTHBEARER Authentication. The 'tls' type uses TLS Client Authentication. The 'tls' type is supported only over TLS connections.

Optional:

- `access_token` (Attributes) Link to Kubernetes Secret containing the access token which was obtained from the authorization server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--clusters--authentication--access_token))
- `access_token_is_jwt` (Boolean) Configure whether access token should be treated as JWT. This should be set to 'false' if the authorization server returns opaque tokens. Defaults to 'true'.
- `access_token_location` (String) Path to the token file containing an access token to be used for authentication.
- `audience` (String) OAuth audience to use when authenticating against the authorization server. Some authorization servers require the audience to be explicitly set. The possible values depend on how the authorization server is configured. By default, 'audience' is not specified when performing the token endpoint request.
- `certificate_and_key` (Attributes) Reference to the 'Secret' which holds the certificate and private key pair. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--clusters--authentication--certificate_and_key))
- `client_assertion` (Attributes) Link to Kubernetes secret containing the client assertion which was manually configured for the client. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--clusters--authentication--client_assertion))
- `client_assertion_location` (String) Path to the file containing the client assertion to be used for authentication.
- `client_assertion_type` (String) The client assertion type. If not set, and either 'clientAssertion' or 'clientAssertionLocation' is configured, this value defaults to 'urn:ietf:params:oauth:client-assertion-type:jwt-bearer'.
- `client_id` (String) OAuth Client ID which the Kafka client can use to authenticate against the OAuth server and use the token endpoint URI.
- `client_secret` (Attributes) Link to Kubernetes Secret containing the OAuth client secret which the Kafka client can use to authenticate against the OAuth server and use the token endpoint URI. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--clusters--authentication--client_secret))
- `connect_timeout_seconds` (Number) The connect timeout in seconds when connecting to authorization server. If not set, the effective connect timeout is 60 seconds.
- `disable_tls_hostname_verification` (Boolean) Enable or disable TLS hostname verification. Default value is 'false'.
- `enable_metrics` (Boolean) Enable or disable OAuth metrics. Default value is 'false'.
- `http_retries` (Number) The maximum number of retries to attempt if an initial HTTP request fails. If not set, the default is to not attempt any retries.
- `http_retry_pause_ms` (Number) The pause to take before retrying a failed HTTP request. If not set, the default is to not pause at all but to immediately repeat a request.
- `include_accept_header` (Boolean) Whether the Accept header should be set in requests to the authorization servers. The default value is 'true'.
- `max_token_expiry_seconds` (Number) Set or limit time-to-live of the access tokens to the specified number of seconds. This should be set if the authorization server returns opaque tokens.
- `password_secret` (Attributes) Reference to the 'Secret' which holds the password. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--clusters--authentication--password_secret))
- `read_timeout_seconds` (Number) The read timeout in seconds when connecting to authorization server. If not set, the effective read timeout is 60 seconds.
- `refresh_token` (Attributes) Link to Kubernetes Secret containing the refresh token which can be used to obtain access token from the authorization server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--clusters--authentication--refresh_token))
- `sasl_extensions` (Map of String) SASL extensions parameters.
- `scope` (String) OAuth scope to use when authenticating against the authorization server. Some authorization servers require this to be set. The possible values depend on how authorization server is configured. By default 'scope' is not specified when doing the token endpoint request.
- `tls_trusted_certificates` (Attributes List) Trusted certificates for TLS connection to the OAuth server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--clusters--authentication--tls_trusted_certificates))
- `token_endpoint_uri` (String) Authorization server token endpoint URI.
- `username` (String) Username used for the authentication.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--clusters--authentication--access_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.clusters.authentication.access_token`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key under which the secret value is stored in the Kubernetes Secret.
- `secret_name` (String) The name of the Kubernetes Secret containing the secret value.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--clusters--authentication--certificate_and_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.clusters.authentication.certificate_and_key`

Required:

- `certificate` (String) The name of the file certificate in the Secret.
- `key` (String) The name of the private key in the Secret.
- `secret_name` (String) The name of the Secret containing the certificate.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--clusters--authentication--client_assertion"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.clusters.authentication.client_assertion`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key under which the secret value is stored in the Kubernetes Secret.
- `secret_name` (String) The name of the Kubernetes Secret containing the secret value.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--clusters--authentication--client_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.clusters.authentication.client_secret`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key under which the secret value is stored in the Kubernetes Secret.
- `secret_name` (String) The name of the Kubernetes Secret containing the secret value.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--clusters--authentication--password_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.clusters.authentication.password_secret`

Required:

- `password` (String) The name of the key in the Secret under which the password is stored.
- `secret_name` (String) The name of the Secret containing the password.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--clusters--authentication--refresh_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.clusters.authentication.refresh_token`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key under which the secret value is stored in the Kubernetes Secret.
- `secret_name` (String) The name of the Kubernetes Secret containing the secret value.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--clusters--authentication--tls_trusted_certificates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.clusters.authentication.tls_trusted_certificates`

Required:

- `secret_name` (String) The name of the Secret containing the certificate.

Optional:

- `certificate` (String) The name of the file certificate in the secret.
- `pattern` (String) Pattern for the certificate files in the secret. Use the link:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glob_(programming)[_glob syntax_] for the pattern. All files in the secret that match the pattern are used.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--clusters--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.clusters.tls`

Optional:

- `trusted_certificates` (Attributes List) Trusted certificates for TLS connection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--clusters--tls--trusted_certificates))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--clusters--tls--trusted_certificates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.clusters.tls.trusted_certificates`

Required:

- `secret_name` (String) The name of the Secret containing the certificate.

Optional:

- `certificate` (String) The name of the file certificate in the secret.
- `pattern` (String) Pattern for the certificate files in the secret. Use the link:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glob_(programming)[_glob syntax_] for the pattern. All files in the secret that match the pattern are used.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--external_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_configuration`

Optional:

- `env` (Attributes List) Makes data from a Secret or ConfigMap available in the Kafka Connect pods as environment variables. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--external_configuration--env))
- `volumes` (Attributes List) Makes data from a Secret or ConfigMap available in the Kafka Connect pods as volumes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--external_configuration--volumes))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--external_configuration--env"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_configuration.env`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the environment variable which will be passed to the Kafka Connect pods. The name of the environment variable cannot start with 'KAFKA_' or 'STRIMZI_'.
- `value_from` (Attributes) Value of the environment variable which will be passed to the Kafka Connect pods. It can be passed either as a reference to Secret or ConfigMap field. The field has to specify exactly one Secret or ConfigMap. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--external_configuration--env--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--external_configuration--env--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_configuration.env.value_from`

Optional:

- `config_map_key_ref` (Attributes) Reference to a key in a ConfigMap. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--external_configuration--env--value_from--config_map_key_ref))
- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) Reference to a key in a Secret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--external_configuration--env--value_from--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--external_configuration--env--value_from--config_map_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_configuration.env.value_from.config_map_key_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `optional` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--external_configuration--env--value_from--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_configuration.env.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `optional` (Boolean)




<a id="nestedatt--spec--external_configuration--volumes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_configuration.volumes`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the volume which will be added to the Kafka Connect pods.

Optional:

- `config_map` (Attributes) Reference to a key in a ConfigMap. Exactly one Secret or ConfigMap has to be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--external_configuration--volumes--config_map))
- `secret` (Attributes) Reference to a key in a Secret. Exactly one Secret or ConfigMap has to be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--external_configuration--volumes--secret))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--external_configuration--volumes--config_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_configuration.volumes.config_map`

Optional:

- `default_mode` (Number)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--external_configuration--volumes--config_map--items))
- `name` (String)
- `optional` (Boolean)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--external_configuration--volumes--config_map--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_configuration.volumes.config_map.items`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `mode` (Number)
- `path` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--external_configuration--volumes--secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_configuration.volumes.secret`

Optional:

- `default_mode` (Number)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--external_configuration--volumes--secret--items))
- `optional` (Boolean)
- `secret_name` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--external_configuration--volumes--secret--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_configuration.volumes.secret.items`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `mode` (Number)
- `path` (String)





<a id="nestedatt--spec--jmx_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.jmx_options`

Optional:

- `authentication` (Attributes) Authentication configuration for connecting to the JMX port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--jmx_options--authentication))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--jmx_options--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.jmx_options.authentication`

Required:

- `type` (String) Authentication type. Currently the only supported types are 'password'.'password' type creates a username and protected port with no TLS.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--jvm_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.jvm_options`

Optional:

- `gc_logging_enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether the Garbage Collection logging is enabled. The default is false.
- `java_system_properties` (Attributes List) A map of additional system properties which will be passed using the '-D' option to the JVM. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--jvm_options--java_system_properties))
- `xms` (String) -Xms option to to the JVM.
- `xmx` (String) -Xmx option to to the JVM.
- `xx` (Map of String) A map of -XX options to the JVM.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--jvm_options--java_system_properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.jvm_options.java_system_properties`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The system property name.
- `value` (String) The system property value.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--liveness_probe"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.liveness_probe`

Optional:

- `failure_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive failures for the probe to be considered failed after having succeeded. Defaults to 3. Minimum value is 1.
- `initial_delay_seconds` (Number) The initial delay before first the health is first checked. Default to 15 seconds. Minimum value is 0.
- `period_seconds` (Number) How often (in seconds) to perform the probe. Default to 10 seconds. Minimum value is 1.
- `success_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive successes for the probe to be considered successful after having failed. Defaults to 1. Must be 1 for liveness. Minimum value is 1.
- `timeout_seconds` (Number) The timeout for each attempted health check. Default to 5 seconds. Minimum value is 1.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--logging"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.logging`

Required:

- `type` (String) Logging type, must be either 'inline' or 'external'.

Optional:

- `loggers` (Map of String) A Map from logger name to logger level.
- `value_from` (Attributes) 'ConfigMap' entry where the logging configuration is stored. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--logging--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--logging--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.logging.value_from`

Optional:

- `config_map_key_ref` (Attributes) Reference to the key in the ConfigMap containing the configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--logging--value_from--config_map_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--logging--value_from--config_map_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.logging.value_from.config_map_key_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `optional` (Boolean)




<a id="nestedatt--spec--metrics_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metrics_config`

Required:

- `type` (String) Metrics type. Only 'jmxPrometheusExporter' supported currently.
- `value_from` (Attributes) ConfigMap entry where the Prometheus JMX Exporter configuration is stored. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--metrics_config--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--metrics_config--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metrics_config.value_from`

Optional:

- `config_map_key_ref` (Attributes) Reference to the key in the ConfigMap containing the configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--metrics_config--value_from--config_map_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--metrics_config--value_from--config_map_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metrics_config.value_from.config_map_key_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `optional` (Boolean)




<a id="nestedatt--spec--mirrors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mirrors`

Required:

- `source_cluster` (String) The alias of the source cluster used by the Kafka MirrorMaker 2 connectors. The alias must match a cluster in the list at 'spec.clusters'.
- `target_cluster` (String) The alias of the target cluster used by the Kafka MirrorMaker 2 connectors. The alias must match a cluster in the list at 'spec.clusters'.

Optional:

- `checkpoint_connector` (Attributes) The specification of the Kafka MirrorMaker 2 checkpoint connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mirrors--checkpoint_connector))
- `groups_blacklist_pattern` (String) A regular expression matching the consumer groups to exclude from mirroring. Comma-separated lists are also supported.
- `groups_exclude_pattern` (String) A regular expression matching the consumer groups to exclude from mirroring. Comma-separated lists are also supported.
- `groups_pattern` (String) A regular expression matching the consumer groups to be mirrored. Comma-separated lists are also supported.
- `heartbeat_connector` (Attributes) The specification of the Kafka MirrorMaker 2 heartbeat connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mirrors--heartbeat_connector))
- `source_connector` (Attributes) The specification of the Kafka MirrorMaker 2 source connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mirrors--source_connector))
- `topics_blacklist_pattern` (String) A regular expression matching the topics to exclude from mirroring. Comma-separated lists are also supported.
- `topics_exclude_pattern` (String) A regular expression matching the topics to exclude from mirroring. Comma-separated lists are also supported.
- `topics_pattern` (String) A regular expression matching the topics to be mirrored, for example, 'topic1|topic2|topic3'. Comma-separated lists are also supported.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--mirrors--checkpoint_connector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mirrors.checkpoint_connector`

Optional:

- `auto_restart` (Attributes) Automatic restart of connector and tasks configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mirrors--checkpoint_connector--auto_restart))
- `config` (Map of String) The Kafka Connector configuration. The following properties cannot be set: name, connector.class, tasks.max.
- `pause` (Boolean) Whether the connector should be paused. Defaults to false.
- `state` (String) The state the connector should be in. Defaults to running.
- `tasks_max` (Number) The maximum number of tasks for the Kafka Connector.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--mirrors--checkpoint_connector--auto_restart"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mirrors.checkpoint_connector.auto_restart`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether automatic restart for failed connectors and tasks should be enabled or disabled.
- `max_restarts` (Number) The maximum number of connector restarts that the operator will try. If the connector remains in a failed state after reaching this limit, it must be restarted manually by the user. Defaults to an unlimited number of restarts.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--mirrors--heartbeat_connector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mirrors.heartbeat_connector`

Optional:

- `auto_restart` (Attributes) Automatic restart of connector and tasks configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mirrors--heartbeat_connector--auto_restart))
- `config` (Map of String) The Kafka Connector configuration. The following properties cannot be set: name, connector.class, tasks.max.
- `pause` (Boolean) Whether the connector should be paused. Defaults to false.
- `state` (String) The state the connector should be in. Defaults to running.
- `tasks_max` (Number) The maximum number of tasks for the Kafka Connector.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--mirrors--heartbeat_connector--auto_restart"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mirrors.heartbeat_connector.auto_restart`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether automatic restart for failed connectors and tasks should be enabled or disabled.
- `max_restarts` (Number) The maximum number of connector restarts that the operator will try. If the connector remains in a failed state after reaching this limit, it must be restarted manually by the user. Defaults to an unlimited number of restarts.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--mirrors--source_connector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mirrors.source_connector`

Optional:

- `auto_restart` (Attributes) Automatic restart of connector and tasks configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mirrors--source_connector--auto_restart))
- `config` (Map of String) The Kafka Connector configuration. The following properties cannot be set: name, connector.class, tasks.max.
- `pause` (Boolean) Whether the connector should be paused. Defaults to false.
- `state` (String) The state the connector should be in. Defaults to running.
- `tasks_max` (Number) The maximum number of tasks for the Kafka Connector.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--mirrors--source_connector--auto_restart"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mirrors.source_connector.auto_restart`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether automatic restart for failed connectors and tasks should be enabled or disabled.
- `max_restarts` (Number) The maximum number of connector restarts that the operator will try. If the connector remains in a failed state after reaching this limit, it must be restarted manually by the user. Defaults to an unlimited number of restarts.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--rack"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rack`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) A key that matches labels assigned to the Kubernetes cluster nodes. The value of the label is used to set a broker's 'broker.rack' config, and the 'client.rack' config for Kafka Connect or MirrorMaker 2.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--readiness_probe"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.readiness_probe`

Optional:

- `failure_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive failures for the probe to be considered failed after having succeeded. Defaults to 3. Minimum value is 1.
- `initial_delay_seconds` (Number) The initial delay before first the health is first checked. Default to 15 seconds. Minimum value is 0.
- `period_seconds` (Number) How often (in seconds) to perform the probe. Default to 10 seconds. Minimum value is 1.
- `success_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive successes for the probe to be considered successful after having failed. Defaults to 1. Must be 1 for liveness. Minimum value is 1.
- `timeout_seconds` (Number) The timeout for each attempted health check. Default to 5 seconds. Minimum value is 1.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String)
- `requests` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources.claims`

Optional:

- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template`

Optional:

- `api_service` (Attributes) Template for Kafka Connect API 'Service'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--api_service))
- `build_config` (Attributes) Template for the Kafka Connect BuildConfig used to build new container images. The BuildConfig is used only on OpenShift. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_config))
- `build_container` (Attributes) Template for the Kafka Connect Build container. The build container is used only on Kubernetes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_container))
- `build_pod` (Attributes) Template for Kafka Connect Build 'Pods'. The build pod is used only on Kubernetes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod))
- `build_service_account` (Attributes) Template for the Kafka Connect Build service account. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_service_account))
- `cluster_role_binding` (Attributes) Template for the Kafka Connect ClusterRoleBinding. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--cluster_role_binding))
- `connect_container` (Attributes) Template for the Kafka Connect container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--connect_container))
- `deployment` (Attributes) Template for Kafka Connect 'Deployment'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--deployment))
- `headless_service` (Attributes) Template for Kafka Connect headless 'Service'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--headless_service))
- `init_container` (Attributes) Template for the Kafka init container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--init_container))
- `jmx_secret` (Attributes) Template for Secret of the Kafka Connect Cluster JMX authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--jmx_secret))
- `pod` (Attributes) Template for Kafka Connect 'Pods'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod))
- `pod_disruption_budget` (Attributes) Template for Kafka Connect 'PodDisruptionBudget'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod_disruption_budget))
- `pod_set` (Attributes) Template for Kafka Connect 'StrimziPodSet' resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod_set))
- `service_account` (Attributes) Template for the Kafka Connect service account. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--service_account))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--api_service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.api_service`

Optional:

- `ip_families` (List of String) Specifies the IP Families used by the service. Available options are 'IPv4' and 'IPv6'. If unspecified, Kubernetes will choose the default value based on the 'ipFamilyPolicy' setting.
- `ip_family_policy` (String) Specifies the IP Family Policy used by the service. Available options are 'SingleStack', 'PreferDualStack' and 'RequireDualStack'. 'SingleStack' is for a single IP family. 'PreferDualStack' is for two IP families on dual-stack configured clusters or a single IP family on single-stack clusters. 'RequireDualStack' fails unless there are two IP families on dual-stack configured clusters. If unspecified, Kubernetes will choose the default value based on the service type.
- `metadata` (Attributes) Metadata applied to the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--api_service--metadata))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--api_service--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.api_service.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations added to the Kubernetes resource.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels added to the Kubernetes resource.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_config`

Optional:

- `metadata` (Attributes) Metadata to apply to the 'PodDisruptionBudgetTemplate' resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_config--metadata))
- `pull_secret` (String) Container Registry Secret with the credentials for pulling the base image.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_config--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_config.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations added to the Kubernetes resource.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels added to the Kubernetes resource.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_container"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_container`

Optional:

- `env` (Attributes List) Environment variables which should be applied to the container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_container--env))
- `security_context` (Attributes) Security context for the container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_container--security_context))
- `volume_mounts` (Attributes List) Additional volume mounts which should be applied to the container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_container--volume_mounts))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_container--env"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_container.env`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The environment variable key.
- `value` (String) The environment variable value.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_container--security_context"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_container.security_context`

Optional:

- `allow_privilege_escalation` (Boolean)
- `app_armor_profile` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_container--security_context--app_armor_profile))
- `capabilities` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_container--security_context--capabilities))
- `privileged` (Boolean)
- `proc_mount` (String)
- `read_only_root_filesystem` (Boolean)
- `run_as_group` (Number)
- `run_as_non_root` (Boolean)
- `run_as_user` (Number)
- `se_linux_options` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_container--security_context--se_linux_options))
- `seccomp_profile` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_container--security_context--seccomp_profile))
- `windows_options` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_container--security_context--windows_options))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_container--security_context--app_armor_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_container.security_context.app_armor_profile`

Optional:

- `localhost_profile` (String)
- `type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_container--security_context--capabilities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_container.security_context.capabilities`

Optional:

- `add` (List of String)
- `drop` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_container--security_context--se_linux_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_container.security_context.se_linux_options`

Optional:

- `level` (String)
- `role` (String)
- `type` (String)
- `user` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_container--security_context--seccomp_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_container.security_context.seccomp_profile`

Optional:

- `localhost_profile` (String)
- `type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_container--security_context--windows_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_container.security_context.windows_options`

Optional:

- `gmsa_credential_spec` (String)
- `gmsa_credential_spec_name` (String)
- `host_process` (Boolean)
- `run_as_user_name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_container--volume_mounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_container.volume_mounts`

Optional:

- `mount_path` (String)
- `mount_propagation` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `read_only` (Boolean)
- `recursive_read_only` (String)
- `sub_path` (String)
- `sub_path_expr` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod`

Optional:

- `affinity` (Attributes) The pod's affinity rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity))
- `enable_service_links` (Boolean) Indicates whether information about services should be injected into Pod's environment variables.
- `host_aliases` (Attributes List) The pod's HostAliases. HostAliases is an optional list of hosts and IPs that will be injected into the Pod's hosts file if specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--host_aliases))
- `image_pull_secrets` (Attributes List) List of references to secrets in the same namespace to use for pulling any of the images used by this Pod. When the 'STRIMZI_IMAGE_PULL_SECRETS' environment variable in Cluster Operator and the 'imagePullSecrets' option are specified, only the 'imagePullSecrets' variable is used and the 'STRIMZI_IMAGE_PULL_SECRETS' variable is ignored. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--image_pull_secrets))
- `metadata` (Attributes) Metadata applied to the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--metadata))
- `priority_class_name` (String) The name of the priority class used to assign priority to the pods.
- `scheduler_name` (String) The name of the scheduler used to dispatch this 'Pod'. If not specified, the default scheduler will be used.
- `security_context` (Attributes) Configures pod-level security attributes and common container settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--security_context))
- `termination_grace_period_seconds` (Number) The grace period is the duration in seconds after the processes running in the pod are sent a termination signal, and the time when the processes are forcibly halted with a kill signal. Set this value to longer than the expected cleanup time for your process. Value must be a non-negative integer. A zero value indicates delete immediately. You might need to increase the grace period for very large Kafka clusters, so that the Kafka brokers have enough time to transfer their work to another broker before they are terminated. Defaults to 30 seconds.
- `tmp_dir_size_limit` (String) Defines the total amount of pod memory allocated for the temporary 'EmptyDir' volume '/tmp'. Specify the allocation in memory units, for example, '100Mi' for 100 mebibytes. Default value is '5Mi'. The '/tmp' volume is backed by pod memory, not disk storage, so avoid setting a high value as it consumes pod memory resources.
- `tolerations` (Attributes List) The pod's tolerations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--tolerations))
- `topology_spread_constraints` (Attributes List) The pod's topology spread constraints. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints))
- `volumes` (Attributes List) Additional volumes that can be mounted to the pod. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--volumes))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.affinity`

Optional:

- `node_affinity` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--node_affinity))
- `pod_affinity` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--pod_affinity))
- `pod_anti_affinity` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--pod_anti_affinity))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--node_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.affinity.node_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.affinity.node_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Optional:

- `preference` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference))
- `weight` (Number)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.affinity.node_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.preference`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_expressions))
- `match_fields` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_fields))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.affinity.node_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.preference.match_expressions`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.affinity.node_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.preference.match_fields`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)




<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Optional:

- `node_selector_terms` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_expressions))
- `match_fields` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_fields))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms.match_expressions`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms.match_fields`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)





<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--pod_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.affinity.pod_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.affinity.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Optional:

- `pod_affinity_term` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term))
- `weight` (Number)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.affinity.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term`

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector))
- `match_label_keys` (List of String)
- `mismatch_label_keys` (List of String)
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String)
- `topology_key` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.affinity.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.affinity.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.label_selector.match_expressions`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.affinity.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.affinity.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)





<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector))
- `match_label_keys` (List of String)
- `mismatch_label_keys` (List of String)
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String)
- `topology_key` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector.match_expressions`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)





<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--pod_anti_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.affinity.pod_anti_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Optional:

- `pod_affinity_term` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term))
- `weight` (Number)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term`

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector))
- `match_label_keys` (List of String)
- `mismatch_label_keys` (List of String)
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String)
- `topology_key` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.label_selector.match_expressions`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)





<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector))
- `match_label_keys` (List of String)
- `mismatch_label_keys` (List of String)
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String)
- `topology_key` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector.match_expressions`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)






<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--host_aliases"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.host_aliases`

Optional:

- `hostnames` (List of String)
- `ip` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--image_pull_secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.image_pull_secrets`

Optional:

- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations added to the Kubernetes resource.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels added to the Kubernetes resource.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--security_context"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.security_context`

Optional:

- `app_armor_profile` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--security_context--app_armor_profile))
- `fs_group` (Number)
- `fs_group_change_policy` (String)
- `run_as_group` (Number)
- `run_as_non_root` (Boolean)
- `run_as_user` (Number)
- `se_linux_options` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--security_context--se_linux_options))
- `seccomp_profile` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--security_context--seccomp_profile))
- `supplemental_groups` (List of String)
- `sysctls` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--security_context--sysctls))
- `windows_options` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--security_context--windows_options))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--security_context--app_armor_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.security_context.app_armor_profile`

Optional:

- `localhost_profile` (String)
- `type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--security_context--se_linux_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.security_context.se_linux_options`

Optional:

- `level` (String)
- `role` (String)
- `type` (String)
- `user` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--security_context--seccomp_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.security_context.seccomp_profile`

Optional:

- `localhost_profile` (String)
- `type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--security_context--sysctls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.security_context.sysctls`

Optional:

- `name` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--security_context--windows_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.security_context.windows_options`

Optional:

- `gmsa_credential_spec` (String)
- `gmsa_credential_spec_name` (String)
- `host_process` (Boolean)
- `run_as_user_name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--tolerations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.tolerations`

Optional:

- `effect` (String)
- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `toleration_seconds` (Number)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.topology_spread_constraints`

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--label_selector))
- `match_label_keys` (List of String)
- `max_skew` (Number)
- `min_domains` (Number)
- `node_affinity_policy` (String)
- `node_taints_policy` (String)
- `topology_key` (String)
- `when_unsatisfiable` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.topology_spread_constraints.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.topology_spread_constraints.label_selector.match_expressions`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)




<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--volumes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.volumes`

Optional:

- `config_map` (Attributes) ConfigMap to use to populate the volume. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--volumes--config_map))
- `empty_dir` (Attributes) EmptyDir to use to populate the volume. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--volumes--empty_dir))
- `name` (String) Name to use for the volume. Required.
- `persistent_volume_claim` (Attributes) PersistentVolumeClaim object to use to populate the volume. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--volumes--persistent_volume_claim))
- `secret` (Attributes) Secret to use populate the volume. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--volumes--secret))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--volumes--config_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.volumes.config_map`

Optional:

- `default_mode` (Number)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--volumes--config_map--items))
- `name` (String)
- `optional` (Boolean)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--volumes--config_map--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.volumes.config_map.items`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `mode` (Number)
- `path` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--volumes--empty_dir"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.volumes.empty_dir`

Optional:

- `medium` (String)
- `size_limit` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--volumes--empty_dir--size_limit))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--volumes--empty_dir--size_limit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.volumes.empty_dir.size_limit`

Optional:

- `amount` (String)
- `format` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--volumes--persistent_volume_claim"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.volumes.persistent_volume_claim`

Optional:

- `claim_name` (String)
- `read_only` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--volumes--secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.volumes.secret`

Optional:

- `default_mode` (Number)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--volumes--secret--items))
- `optional` (Boolean)
- `secret_name` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--volumes--secret--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.volumes.secret.items`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `mode` (Number)
- `path` (String)





<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_service_account"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_service_account`

Optional:

- `metadata` (Attributes) Metadata applied to the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_service_account--metadata))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_service_account--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_service_account.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations added to the Kubernetes resource.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels added to the Kubernetes resource.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--cluster_role_binding"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.cluster_role_binding`

Optional:

- `metadata` (Attributes) Metadata applied to the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--cluster_role_binding--metadata))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--cluster_role_binding--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.cluster_role_binding.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations added to the Kubernetes resource.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels added to the Kubernetes resource.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--connect_container"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.connect_container`

Optional:

- `env` (Attributes List) Environment variables which should be applied to the container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--connect_container--env))
- `security_context` (Attributes) Security context for the container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--connect_container--security_context))
- `volume_mounts` (Attributes List) Additional volume mounts which should be applied to the container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--connect_container--volume_mounts))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--connect_container--env"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.connect_container.env`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The environment variable key.
- `value` (String) The environment variable value.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--connect_container--security_context"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.connect_container.security_context`

Optional:

- `allow_privilege_escalation` (Boolean)
- `app_armor_profile` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--connect_container--security_context--app_armor_profile))
- `capabilities` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--connect_container--security_context--capabilities))
- `privileged` (Boolean)
- `proc_mount` (String)
- `read_only_root_filesystem` (Boolean)
- `run_as_group` (Number)
- `run_as_non_root` (Boolean)
- `run_as_user` (Number)
- `se_linux_options` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--connect_container--security_context--se_linux_options))
- `seccomp_profile` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--connect_container--security_context--seccomp_profile))
- `windows_options` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--connect_container--security_context--windows_options))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--connect_container--security_context--app_armor_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.connect_container.security_context.app_armor_profile`

Optional:

- `localhost_profile` (String)
- `type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--connect_container--security_context--capabilities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.connect_container.security_context.capabilities`

Optional:

- `add` (List of String)
- `drop` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--connect_container--security_context--se_linux_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.connect_container.security_context.se_linux_options`

Optional:

- `level` (String)
- `role` (String)
- `type` (String)
- `user` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--connect_container--security_context--seccomp_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.connect_container.security_context.seccomp_profile`

Optional:

- `localhost_profile` (String)
- `type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--connect_container--security_context--windows_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.connect_container.security_context.windows_options`

Optional:

- `gmsa_credential_spec` (String)
- `gmsa_credential_spec_name` (String)
- `host_process` (Boolean)
- `run_as_user_name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--connect_container--volume_mounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.connect_container.volume_mounts`

Optional:

- `mount_path` (String)
- `mount_propagation` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `read_only` (Boolean)
- `recursive_read_only` (String)
- `sub_path` (String)
- `sub_path_expr` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--deployment"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.deployment`

Optional:

- `deployment_strategy` (String) Pod replacement strategy for deployment configuration changes. Valid values are 'RollingUpdate' and 'Recreate'. Defaults to 'RollingUpdate'.
- `metadata` (Attributes) Metadata applied to the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--deployment--metadata))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--deployment--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.deployment.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations added to the Kubernetes resource.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels added to the Kubernetes resource.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--headless_service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.headless_service`

Optional:

- `ip_families` (List of String) Specifies the IP Families used by the service. Available options are 'IPv4' and 'IPv6'. If unspecified, Kubernetes will choose the default value based on the 'ipFamilyPolicy' setting.
- `ip_family_policy` (String) Specifies the IP Family Policy used by the service. Available options are 'SingleStack', 'PreferDualStack' and 'RequireDualStack'. 'SingleStack' is for a single IP family. 'PreferDualStack' is for two IP families on dual-stack configured clusters or a single IP family on single-stack clusters. 'RequireDualStack' fails unless there are two IP families on dual-stack configured clusters. If unspecified, Kubernetes will choose the default value based on the service type.
- `metadata` (Attributes) Metadata applied to the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--headless_service--metadata))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--headless_service--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.headless_service.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations added to the Kubernetes resource.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels added to the Kubernetes resource.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--init_container"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.init_container`

Optional:

- `env` (Attributes List) Environment variables which should be applied to the container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--init_container--env))
- `security_context` (Attributes) Security context for the container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--init_container--security_context))
- `volume_mounts` (Attributes List) Additional volume mounts which should be applied to the container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--init_container--volume_mounts))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--init_container--env"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.init_container.env`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The environment variable key.
- `value` (String) The environment variable value.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--init_container--security_context"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.init_container.security_context`

Optional:

- `allow_privilege_escalation` (Boolean)
- `app_armor_profile` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--init_container--security_context--app_armor_profile))
- `capabilities` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--init_container--security_context--capabilities))
- `privileged` (Boolean)
- `proc_mount` (String)
- `read_only_root_filesystem` (Boolean)
- `run_as_group` (Number)
- `run_as_non_root` (Boolean)
- `run_as_user` (Number)
- `se_linux_options` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--init_container--security_context--se_linux_options))
- `seccomp_profile` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--init_container--security_context--seccomp_profile))
- `windows_options` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--init_container--security_context--windows_options))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--init_container--security_context--app_armor_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.init_container.security_context.app_armor_profile`

Optional:

- `localhost_profile` (String)
- `type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--init_container--security_context--capabilities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.init_container.security_context.capabilities`

Optional:

- `add` (List of String)
- `drop` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--init_container--security_context--se_linux_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.init_container.security_context.se_linux_options`

Optional:

- `level` (String)
- `role` (String)
- `type` (String)
- `user` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--init_container--security_context--seccomp_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.init_container.security_context.seccomp_profile`

Optional:

- `localhost_profile` (String)
- `type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--init_container--security_context--windows_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.init_container.security_context.windows_options`

Optional:

- `gmsa_credential_spec` (String)
- `gmsa_credential_spec_name` (String)
- `host_process` (Boolean)
- `run_as_user_name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--init_container--volume_mounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.init_container.volume_mounts`

Optional:

- `mount_path` (String)
- `mount_propagation` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `read_only` (Boolean)
- `recursive_read_only` (String)
- `sub_path` (String)
- `sub_path_expr` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--jmx_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.jmx_secret`

Optional:

- `metadata` (Attributes) Metadata applied to the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--jmx_secret--metadata))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--jmx_secret--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.jmx_secret.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations added to the Kubernetes resource.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels added to the Kubernetes resource.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod`

Optional:

- `affinity` (Attributes) The pod's affinity rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity))
- `enable_service_links` (Boolean) Indicates whether information about services should be injected into Pod's environment variables.
- `host_aliases` (Attributes List) The pod's HostAliases. HostAliases is an optional list of hosts and IPs that will be injected into the Pod's hosts file if specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--host_aliases))
- `image_pull_secrets` (Attributes List) List of references to secrets in the same namespace to use for pulling any of the images used by this Pod. When the 'STRIMZI_IMAGE_PULL_SECRETS' environment variable in Cluster Operator and the 'imagePullSecrets' option are specified, only the 'imagePullSecrets' variable is used and the 'STRIMZI_IMAGE_PULL_SECRETS' variable is ignored. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--image_pull_secrets))
- `metadata` (Attributes) Metadata applied to the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--metadata))
- `priority_class_name` (String) The name of the priority class used to assign priority to the pods.
- `scheduler_name` (String) The name of the scheduler used to dispatch this 'Pod'. If not specified, the default scheduler will be used.
- `security_context` (Attributes) Configures pod-level security attributes and common container settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--security_context))
- `termination_grace_period_seconds` (Number) The grace period is the duration in seconds after the processes running in the pod are sent a termination signal, and the time when the processes are forcibly halted with a kill signal. Set this value to longer than the expected cleanup time for your process. Value must be a non-negative integer. A zero value indicates delete immediately. You might need to increase the grace period for very large Kafka clusters, so that the Kafka brokers have enough time to transfer their work to another broker before they are terminated. Defaults to 30 seconds.
- `tmp_dir_size_limit` (String) Defines the total amount of pod memory allocated for the temporary 'EmptyDir' volume '/tmp'. Specify the allocation in memory units, for example, '100Mi' for 100 mebibytes. Default value is '5Mi'. The '/tmp' volume is backed by pod memory, not disk storage, so avoid setting a high value as it consumes pod memory resources.
- `tolerations` (Attributes List) The pod's tolerations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--tolerations))
- `topology_spread_constraints` (Attributes List) The pod's topology spread constraints. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints))
- `volumes` (Attributes List) Additional volumes that can be mounted to the pod. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--volumes))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.affinity`

Optional:

- `node_affinity` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--node_affinity))
- `pod_affinity` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--pod_affinity))
- `pod_anti_affinity` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--pod_anti_affinity))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--node_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.affinity.node_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.affinity.node_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Optional:

- `preference` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference))
- `weight` (Number)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.affinity.node_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.preference`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_expressions))
- `match_fields` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_fields))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.affinity.node_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.preference.match_expressions`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.affinity.node_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.preference.match_fields`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)




<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Optional:

- `node_selector_terms` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_expressions))
- `match_fields` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_fields))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms.match_expressions`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms.match_fields`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)





<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--pod_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.affinity.pod_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.affinity.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Optional:

- `pod_affinity_term` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term))
- `weight` (Number)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.affinity.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term`

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector))
- `match_label_keys` (List of String)
- `mismatch_label_keys` (List of String)
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String)
- `topology_key` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.affinity.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.affinity.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.label_selector.match_expressions`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.affinity.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.affinity.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)





<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector))
- `match_label_keys` (List of String)
- `mismatch_label_keys` (List of String)
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String)
- `topology_key` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector.match_expressions`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)





<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--pod_anti_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.affinity.pod_anti_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Optional:

- `pod_affinity_term` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term))
- `weight` (Number)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term`

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector))
- `match_label_keys` (List of String)
- `mismatch_label_keys` (List of String)
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String)
- `topology_key` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.label_selector.match_expressions`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)





<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector))
- `match_label_keys` (List of String)
- `mismatch_label_keys` (List of String)
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String)
- `topology_key` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector.match_expressions`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)






<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--host_aliases"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.host_aliases`

Optional:

- `hostnames` (List of String)
- `ip` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--image_pull_secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.image_pull_secrets`

Optional:

- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations added to the Kubernetes resource.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels added to the Kubernetes resource.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--security_context"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.security_context`

Optional:

- `app_armor_profile` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--security_context--app_armor_profile))
- `fs_group` (Number)
- `fs_group_change_policy` (String)
- `run_as_group` (Number)
- `run_as_non_root` (Boolean)
- `run_as_user` (Number)
- `se_linux_options` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--security_context--se_linux_options))
- `seccomp_profile` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--security_context--seccomp_profile))
- `supplemental_groups` (List of String)
- `sysctls` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--security_context--sysctls))
- `windows_options` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--security_context--windows_options))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--security_context--app_armor_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.security_context.app_armor_profile`

Optional:

- `localhost_profile` (String)
- `type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--security_context--se_linux_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.security_context.se_linux_options`

Optional:

- `level` (String)
- `role` (String)
- `type` (String)
- `user` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--security_context--seccomp_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.security_context.seccomp_profile`

Optional:

- `localhost_profile` (String)
- `type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--security_context--sysctls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.security_context.sysctls`

Optional:

- `name` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--security_context--windows_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.security_context.windows_options`

Optional:

- `gmsa_credential_spec` (String)
- `gmsa_credential_spec_name` (String)
- `host_process` (Boolean)
- `run_as_user_name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--tolerations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.tolerations`

Optional:

- `effect` (String)
- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `toleration_seconds` (Number)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.topology_spread_constraints`

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--label_selector))
- `match_label_keys` (List of String)
- `max_skew` (Number)
- `min_domains` (Number)
- `node_affinity_policy` (String)
- `node_taints_policy` (String)
- `topology_key` (String)
- `when_unsatisfiable` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.topology_spread_constraints.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.topology_spread_constraints.label_selector.match_expressions`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)




<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--volumes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.volumes`

Optional:

- `config_map` (Attributes) ConfigMap to use to populate the volume. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--volumes--config_map))
- `empty_dir` (Attributes) EmptyDir to use to populate the volume. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--volumes--empty_dir))
- `name` (String) Name to use for the volume. Required.
- `persistent_volume_claim` (Attributes) PersistentVolumeClaim object to use to populate the volume. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--volumes--persistent_volume_claim))
- `secret` (Attributes) Secret to use populate the volume. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--volumes--secret))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--volumes--config_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.volumes.config_map`

Optional:

- `default_mode` (Number)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--volumes--config_map--items))
- `name` (String)
- `optional` (Boolean)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--volumes--config_map--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.volumes.config_map.items`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `mode` (Number)
- `path` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--volumes--empty_dir"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.volumes.empty_dir`

Optional:

- `medium` (String)
- `size_limit` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--volumes--empty_dir--size_limit))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--volumes--empty_dir--size_limit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.volumes.empty_dir.size_limit`

Optional:

- `amount` (String)
- `format` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--volumes--persistent_volume_claim"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.volumes.persistent_volume_claim`

Optional:

- `claim_name` (String)
- `read_only` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--volumes--secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.volumes.secret`

Optional:

- `default_mode` (Number)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--volumes--secret--items))
- `optional` (Boolean)
- `secret_name` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--volumes--secret--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.volumes.secret.items`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `mode` (Number)
- `path` (String)





<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod_disruption_budget"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod_disruption_budget`

Optional:

- `max_unavailable` (Number) Maximum number of unavailable pods to allow automatic Pod eviction. A Pod eviction is allowed when the 'maxUnavailable' number of pods or fewer are unavailable after the eviction. Setting this value to 0 prevents all voluntary evictions, so the pods must be evicted manually. Defaults to 1.
- `metadata` (Attributes) Metadata to apply to the 'PodDisruptionBudgetTemplate' resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod_disruption_budget--metadata))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod_disruption_budget--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod_disruption_budget.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations added to the Kubernetes resource.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels added to the Kubernetes resource.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod_set"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod_set`

Optional:

- `metadata` (Attributes) Metadata applied to the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod_set--metadata))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod_set--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod_set.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations added to the Kubernetes resource.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels added to the Kubernetes resource.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--service_account"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.service_account`

Optional:

- `metadata` (Attributes) Metadata applied to the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--service_account--metadata))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--service_account--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.service_account.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations added to the Kubernetes resource.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels added to the Kubernetes resource.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--tracing"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tracing`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type of the tracing used. Currently the only supported type is 'opentelemetry' for OpenTelemetry tracing. As of Strimzi 0.37.0, 'jaeger' type is not supported anymore and this option is ignored.
