---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_kafka_banzaicloud_io_cruise_control_operation_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "kafka.banzaicloud.io"
description: |-
  CruiseControlOperation is the Schema for the cruiseControlOperation API.
---

# k8s_kafka_banzaicloud_io_cruise_control_operation_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

CruiseControlOperation is the Schema for the cruiseControlOperation API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_kafka_banzaicloud_io_cruise_control_operation_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) CruiseControlOperationSpec defines the desired state of CruiseControlOperation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `error_policy` (String) ErrorPolicy defines how failed Cruise Control operation should be handled. When it is 'retry', the Koperator re-executes the failed task in every 30 sec (by default). When it is 'ignore', the Koperator handles the failed task as completed.
- `ttl_seconds_after_finished` (Number) When TTLSecondsAfterFinished is specified, the created and finished (completed successfully or completedWithError and errorPolicy: ignore) cruiseControlOperation custom resource will be deleted after the given time elapsed. When it is 0 then the resource is going to be deleted instantly after the operation is finished. When it is not specified the resource is not going to be removed. Value can be only zero and positive integers
