---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_kafka_strimzi_io_kafka_connector_v1beta2_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "kafka.strimzi.io"
description: |-
  
---

# k8s_kafka_strimzi_io_kafka_connector_v1beta2_manifest (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_kafka_strimzi_io_kafka_connector_v1beta2_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) The specification of the Kafka Connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `auto_restart` (Attributes) Automatic restart of connector and tasks configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--auto_restart))
- `class` (String) The Class for the Kafka Connector.
- `config` (Map of String) The Kafka Connector configuration. The following properties cannot be set: name, connector.class, tasks.max.
- `pause` (Boolean) Whether the connector should be paused. Defaults to false.
- `state` (String) The state the connector should be in. Defaults to running.
- `tasks_max` (Number) The maximum number of tasks for the Kafka Connector.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--auto_restart"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.auto_restart`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether automatic restart for failed connectors and tasks should be enabled or disabled.
- `max_restarts` (Number) The maximum number of connector restarts that the operator will try. If the connector remains in a failed state after reaching this limit, it must be restarted manually by the user. Defaults to an unlimited number of restarts.
