---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_karpenter_k8s_aws_ec2_node_class_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "karpenter.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  EC2NodeClass is the Schema for the EC2NodeClass API
---

# k8s_karpenter_k8s_aws_ec2_node_class_v1_manifest (Data Source)

EC2NodeClass is the Schema for the EC2NodeClass API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_karpenter_k8s_aws_ec2_node_class_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) EC2NodeClassSpec is the top level specification for the AWS Karpenter Provider.This will contain configuration necessary to launch instances in AWS. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `ami_selector_terms` (Attributes List) AMISelectorTerms is a list of or ami selector terms. The terms are ORed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ami_selector_terms))
- `security_group_selector_terms` (Attributes List) SecurityGroupSelectorTerms is a list of or security group selector terms. The terms are ORed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security_group_selector_terms))
- `subnet_selector_terms` (Attributes List) SubnetSelectorTerms is a list of or subnet selector terms. The terms are ORed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--subnet_selector_terms))

Optional:

- `ami_family` (String) AMIFamily dictates the UserData format and default BlockDeviceMappings used when generating launch templates.This field is optional when using an alias amiSelectorTerm, and the value will be inferred from the alias'family. When an alias is specified, this field may only be set to its corresponding family or 'Custom'. If noalias is specified, this field is required.NOTE: We ignore the AMIFamily for hashing here because we hash the AMIFamily dynamically by using the alias usingthe AMIFamily() helper function
- `associate_public_ip_address` (Boolean) AssociatePublicIPAddress controls if public IP addresses are assigned to instances that are launched with the nodeclass.
- `block_device_mappings` (Attributes List) BlockDeviceMappings to be applied to provisioned nodes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--block_device_mappings))
- `context` (String) Context is a Reserved field in EC2 APIshttps://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/APIReference/API_CreateFleet.html
- `detailed_monitoring` (Boolean) DetailedMonitoring controls if detailed monitoring is enabled for instances that are launched
- `instance_profile` (String) InstanceProfile is the AWS entity that instances use.This field is mutually exclusive from role.The instance profile should already have a role assigned to it that Karpenter has PassRole permission on for instance launch using this instanceProfile to succeed.
- `instance_store_policy` (String) InstanceStorePolicy specifies how to handle instance-store disks.
- `kubelet` (Attributes) Kubelet defines args to be used when configuring kubelet on provisioned nodes.They are a subset of the upstream types, recognizing not all options may be supported.Wherever possible, the types and names should reflect the upstream kubelet types. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--kubelet))
- `metadata_options` (Attributes) MetadataOptions for the generated launch template of provisioned nodes.This specifies the exposure of the Instance Metadata Service toprovisioned EC2 nodes. For more information,see Instance Metadata and User Data(https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ec2-instance-metadata.html)in the Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud User Guide.Refer to recommended, security best practices(https://aws.github.io/aws-eks-best-practices/security/docs/iam/#restrict-access-to-the-instance-profile-assigned-to-the-worker-node)for limiting exposure of Instance Metadata and User Data to pods.If omitted, defaults to httpEndpoint enabled, with httpProtocolIPv6disabled, with httpPutResponseLimit of 1, and with httpTokensrequired. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--metadata_options))
- `role` (String) Role is the AWS identity that nodes use. This field is immutable.This field is mutually exclusive from instanceProfile.Marking this field as immutable avoids concerns around terminating managed instance profiles from running instances.This field may be made mutable in the future, assuming the correct garbage collection and drift handling is implementedfor the old instance profiles on an update.
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags to be applied on ec2 resources like instances and launch templates.
- `user_data` (String) UserData to be applied to the provisioned nodes.It must be in the appropriate format based on the AMIFamily in use. Karpenter will merge certain fields intothis UserData to ensure nodes are being provisioned with the correct configuration.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--ami_selector_terms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ami_selector_terms`

Optional:

- `alias` (String) Alias specifies which EKS optimized AMI to select.Each alias consists of a family and an AMI version, specified as 'family@version'.Valid families include: al2, al2023, bottlerocket, windows2019, and windows2022.The version can either be pinned to a specific AMI release, with that AMIs version format (ex: 'al2023@v20240625' or 'bottlerocket@v1.10.0').The version can also be set to 'latest' for any family. Setting the version to latest will result in drift when a new AMI is released. This is **not** recommended for production environments.Note: The Windows families do **not** support version pinning, and only latest may be used.
- `id` (String) ID is the ami id in EC2
- `name` (String) Name is the ami name in EC2.This value is the name field, which is different from the name tag.
- `owner` (String) Owner is the owner for the ami.You can specify a combination of AWS account IDs, 'self', 'amazon', and 'aws-marketplace'
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags is a map of key/value tags used to select subnetsSpecifying '*' for a value selects all values for a given tag key.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--security_group_selector_terms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security_group_selector_terms`

Optional:

- `id` (String) ID is the security group id in EC2
- `name` (String) Name is the security group name in EC2.This value is the name field, which is different from the name tag.
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags is a map of key/value tags used to select subnetsSpecifying '*' for a value selects all values for a given tag key.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--subnet_selector_terms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.subnet_selector_terms`

Optional:

- `id` (String) ID is the subnet id in EC2
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags is a map of key/value tags used to select subnetsSpecifying '*' for a value selects all values for a given tag key.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--block_device_mappings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.block_device_mappings`

Optional:

- `device_name` (String) The device name (for example, /dev/sdh or xvdh).
- `ebs` (Attributes) EBS contains parameters used to automatically set up EBS volumes when an instance is launched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--block_device_mappings--ebs))
- `root_volume` (Boolean) RootVolume is a flag indicating if this device is mounted as kubelet root dir. You canconfigure at most one root volume in BlockDeviceMappings.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--block_device_mappings--ebs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.block_device_mappings.ebs`

Optional:

- `delete_on_termination` (Boolean) DeleteOnTermination indicates whether the EBS volume is deleted on instance termination.
- `encrypted` (Boolean) Encrypted indicates whether the EBS volume is encrypted. Encrypted volumes can onlybe attached to instances that support Amazon EBS encryption. If you are creatinga volume from a snapshot, you can't specify an encryption value.
- `iops` (Number) IOPS is the number of I/O operations per second (IOPS). For gp3, io1, and io2 volumes,this represents the number of IOPS that are provisioned for the volume. Forgp2 volumes, this represents the baseline performance of the volume and therate at which the volume accumulates I/O credits for bursting.The following are the supported values for each volume type:   * gp3: 3,000-16,000 IOPS   * io1: 100-64,000 IOPS   * io2: 100-64,000 IOPSFor io1 and io2 volumes, we guarantee 64,000 IOPS only for Instances builton the Nitro System (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/instance-types.html#ec2-nitro-instances).Other instance families guarantee performance up to 32,000 IOPS.This parameter is supported for io1, io2, and gp3 volumes only. This parameteris not supported for gp2, st1, sc1, or standard volumes.
- `kms_key_id` (String) KMSKeyID (ARN) of the symmetric Key Management Service (KMS) CMK used for encryption.
- `snapshot_id` (String) SnapshotID is the ID of an EBS snapshot
- `throughput` (Number) Throughput to provision for a gp3 volume, with a maximum of 1,000 MiB/s.Valid Range: Minimum value of 125. Maximum value of 1000.
- `volume_size` (String) VolumeSize in 'Gi', 'G', 'Ti', or 'T'. You must specify either a snapshot ID ora volume size. The following are the supported volumes sizes for each volumetype:   * gp2 and gp3: 1-16,384   * io1 and io2: 4-16,384   * st1 and sc1: 125-16,384   * standard: 1-1,024
- `volume_type` (String) VolumeType of the block device.For more information, see Amazon EBS volume types (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/EBSVolumeTypes.html)in the Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud User Guide.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--kubelet"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.kubelet`

Optional:

- `cluster_dns` (List of String) clusterDNS is a list of IP addresses for the cluster DNS server.Note that not all providers may use all addresses.
- `cpu_cfs_quota` (Boolean) CPUCFSQuota enables CPU CFS quota enforcement for containers that specify CPU limits.
- `eviction_hard` (Map of String) EvictionHard is the map of signal names to quantities that define hard eviction thresholds
- `eviction_max_pod_grace_period` (Number) EvictionMaxPodGracePeriod is the maximum allowed grace period (in seconds) to use when terminating pods inresponse to soft eviction thresholds being met.
- `eviction_soft` (Map of String) EvictionSoft is the map of signal names to quantities that define soft eviction thresholds
- `eviction_soft_grace_period` (Map of String) EvictionSoftGracePeriod is the map of signal names to quantities that define grace periods for each eviction signal
- `image_gc_high_threshold_percent` (Number) ImageGCHighThresholdPercent is the percent of disk usage after which imagegarbage collection is always run. The percent is calculated by dividing thisfield value by 100, so this field must be between 0 and 100, inclusive.When specified, the value must be greater than ImageGCLowThresholdPercent.
- `image_gc_low_threshold_percent` (Number) ImageGCLowThresholdPercent is the percent of disk usage before which imagegarbage collection is never run. Lowest disk usage to garbage collect to.The percent is calculated by dividing this field value by 100,so the field value must be between 0 and 100, inclusive.When specified, the value must be less than imageGCHighThresholdPercent
- `kube_reserved` (Map of String) KubeReserved contains resources reserved for Kubernetes system components.
- `max_pods` (Number) MaxPods is an override for the maximum number of pods that can run ona worker node instance.
- `pods_per_core` (Number) PodsPerCore is an override for the number of pods that can run on a worker nodeinstance based on the number of cpu cores. This value cannot exceed MaxPods, so, ifMaxPods is a lower value, that value will be used.
- `system_reserved` (Map of String) SystemReserved contains resources reserved for OS system daemons and kernel memory.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--metadata_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metadata_options`

Optional:

- `http_endpoint` (String) HTTPEndpoint enables or disables the HTTP metadata endpoint on provisionednodes. If metadata options is non-nil, but this parameter is not specified,the default state is 'enabled'.If you specify a value of 'disabled', instance metadata will not be accessibleon the node.
- `http_protocol_i_pv6` (String) HTTPProtocolIPv6 enables or disables the IPv6 endpoint for the instance metadataservice on provisioned nodes. If metadata options is non-nil, but this parameteris not specified, the default state is 'disabled'.
- `http_put_response_hop_limit` (Number) HTTPPutResponseHopLimit is the desired HTTP PUT response hop limit forinstance metadata requests. The larger the number, the further instancemetadata requests can travel. Possible values are integers from 1 to 64.If metadata options is non-nil, but this parameter is not specified, thedefault value is 1.
- `http_tokens` (String) HTTPTokens determines the state of token usage for instance metadatarequests. If metadata options is non-nil, but this parameter is notspecified, the default state is 'required'.If the state is optional, one can choose to retrieve instance metadata withor without a signed token header on the request. If one retrieves the IAMrole credentials without a token, the version 1.0 role credentials arereturned. If one retrieves the IAM role credentials using a valid signedtoken, the version 2.0 role credentials are returned.If the state is 'required', one must send a signed token header with anyinstance metadata retrieval requests. In this state, retrieving the IAMrole credentials always returns the version 2.0 credentials; the version1.0 credentials are not available.
