---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_karpenter_sh_node_pool_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "karpenter.sh"
description: |-
  NodePool is the Schema for the NodePools API
---

# k8s_karpenter_sh_node_pool_v1_manifest (Data Source)

NodePool is the Schema for the NodePools API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_karpenter_sh_node_pool_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) NodePoolSpec is the top level nodepool specification. Nodepoolslaunch nodes in response to pods that are unschedulable. A single nodepoolis capable of managing a diverse set of nodes. Node properties are determinedfrom a combination of nodepool and pod scheduling constraints. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `template` (Attributes) Template contains the template of possibilities for the provisioning logic to launch a NodeClaim with.NodeClaims launched from this NodePool will often be further constrained than the template specifies. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template))

Optional:

- `disruption` (Attributes) Disruption contains the parameters that relate to Karpenter's disruption logic (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--disruption))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits define a set of bounds for provisioning capacity.
- `weight` (Number) Weight is the priority given to the nodepool during scheduling. A highernumerical weight indicates that this nodepool will be orderedahead of other nodepools with lower weights. A nodepool with no weightwill be treated as if it is a nodepool with a weight of 0.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template`

Required:

- `spec` (Attributes) NodeClaimSpec describes the desired state of the NodeClaim (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec))

Optional:

- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--metadata))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec`

Required:

- `node_class_ref` (Attributes) NodeClassRef is a reference to an object that defines provider specific configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec--node_class_ref))
- `requirements` (Attributes List) Requirements are layered with GetLabels and applied to every node. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec--requirements))

Optional:

- `expire_after` (String) ExpireAfter is the duration the controller will waitbefore terminating a node, measured from when the node is created. Thisis useful to implement features like eventually consistent node upgrade,memory leak protection, and disruption testing.
- `startup_taints` (Attributes List) StartupTaints are taints that are applied to nodes upon startup which are expected to be removed automaticallywithin a short period of time, typically by a DaemonSet that tolerates the taint. These are commonly used bydaemonsets to allow initialization and enforce startup ordering.  StartupTaints are ignored for provisioningpurposes in that pods are not required to tolerate a StartupTaint in order to have nodes provisioned for them. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec--startup_taints))
- `taints` (Attributes List) Taints will be applied to the NodeClaim's node. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--spec--taints))
- `termination_grace_period` (String) TerminationGracePeriod is the maximum duration the controller will wait before forcefully deleting the pods on a node, measured from when deletion is first initiated.Warning: this feature takes precedence over a Pod's terminationGracePeriodSeconds value, and bypasses any blocked PDBs or the karpenter.sh/do-not-disrupt annotation.This field is intended to be used by cluster administrators to enforce that nodes can be cycled within a given time period.When set, drifted nodes will begin draining even if there are pods blocking eviction. Draining will respect PDBs and the do-not-disrupt annotation until the TGP is reached.Karpenter will preemptively delete pods so their terminationGracePeriodSeconds align with the node's terminationGracePeriod.If a pod would be terminated without being granted its full terminationGracePeriodSeconds prior to the node timeout,that pod will be deleted at T = node timeout - pod terminationGracePeriodSeconds.The feature can also be used to allow maximum time limits for long-running jobs which can delay node termination with preStop hooks.If left undefined, the controller will wait indefinitely for pods to be drained.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec--node_class_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.node_class_ref`

Required:

- `group` (String) API version of the referent
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent; More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds'
- `name` (String) Name of the referent; More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/identifiers#names


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec--requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.requirements`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `min_values` (Number) This field is ALPHA and can be dropped or replaced at any timeMinValues is the minimum number of unique values required to define the flexibility of the specific requirement.
- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the valuesarray must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer.This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec--startup_taints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.startup_taints`

Required:

- `effect` (String) Required. The effect of the taint on podsthat do not tolerate the taint.Valid effects are NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Required. The taint key to be applied to a node.

Optional:

- `time_added` (String) TimeAdded represents the time at which the taint was added.It is only written for NoExecute taints.
- `value` (String) The taint value corresponding to the taint key.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--spec--taints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.taints`

Required:

- `effect` (String) Required. The effect of the taint on podsthat do not tolerate the taint.Valid effects are NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Required. The taint key to be applied to a node.

Optional:

- `time_added` (String) TimeAdded represents the time at which the taint was added.It is only written for NoExecute taints.
- `value` (String) The taint value corresponding to the taint key.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may beset by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata. They are notqueryable and should be preserved when modifying objects.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations
- `labels` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize(scope and select) objects. May match selectors of replication controllersand services.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels



<a id="nestedatt--spec--disruption"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.disruption`

Required:

- `consolidate_after` (String) ConsolidateAfter is the duration the controller will waitbefore attempting to terminate nodes that are underutilized.Refer to ConsolidationPolicy for how underutilization is considered.

Optional:

- `budgets` (Attributes List) Budgets is a list of Budgets.If there are multiple active budgets, Karpenter usesthe most restrictive value. If left undefined,this will default to one budget with a value to 10%. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--disruption--budgets))
- `consolidation_policy` (String) ConsolidationPolicy describes which nodes Karpenter can disrupt through its consolidationalgorithm. This policy defaults to 'WhenEmptyOrUnderutilized' if not specified

<a id="nestedatt--spec--disruption--budgets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.disruption.budgets`

Required:

- `nodes` (String) Nodes dictates the maximum number of NodeClaims owned by this NodePoolthat can be terminating at once. This is calculated by counting nodes thathave a deletion timestamp set, or are actively being deleted by Karpenter.This field is required when specifying a budget.This cannot be of type intstr.IntOrString since kubebuilder doesn't support patternchecking for int nodes for IntOrString nodes.Ref: https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/controller-tools/blob/55efe4be40394a288216dab63156b0a64fb82929/pkg/crd/markers/validation.go#L379-L388

Optional:

- `duration` (String) Duration determines how long a Budget is active since each Schedule hit.Only minutes and hours are accepted, as cron does not work in seconds.If omitted, the budget is always active.This is required if Schedule is set.This regex has an optional 0s at the end since the duration.String() always addsa 0s at the end.
- `reasons` (List of String) Reasons is a list of disruption methods that this budget applies to. If Reasons is not set, this budget applies to all methods.Otherwise, this will apply to each reason defined.allowed reasons are Underutilized, Empty, and Drifted.
- `schedule` (String) Schedule specifies when a budget begins being active, followingthe upstream cronjob syntax. If omitted, the budget is always active.Timezones are not supported.This field is required if Duration is set.
