---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_keycloak_org_keycloak_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "keycloak.org"
description: |-
  Keycloak is the Schema for the keycloaks API.
---

# k8s_keycloak_org_keycloak_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

Keycloak is the Schema for the keycloaks API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_keycloak_org_keycloak_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) KeycloakSpec defines the desired state of Keycloak. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `disable_default_service_monitor` (Boolean) Disables the integration with Application Monitoring Operator. When set to true, the operator doesn't create default PrometheusRule, ServiceMonitor and GrafanaDashboard objects and users will have to create them manually, if needed.
- `disable_replicas_syncing` (Boolean) Specify whether disabling the syncing of instances from the Keycloak CR to the statefulset replicas should be enabled or disabled. This option could be used when enabling HPA(horizontal pod autoscaler). Defaults to false.
- `extensions` (List of String) A list of extensions, where each one is a URL to a JAR files that will be deployed in Keycloak.
- `external` (Attributes) Contains configuration for external Keycloak instances. Unmanaged needs to be set to true to use this. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--external))
- `external_access` (Attributes) Controls external Ingress/Route settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--external_access))
- `external_database` (Attributes) Controls external database settings. Using an external database requires providing a secret containing credentials as well as connection details. Here's an example of such secret: apiVersion: v1 kind: Secret metadata: name: keycloak-db-secret namespace: keycloak stringData: POSTGRES_DATABASE: <Database Name> POSTGRES_EXTERNAL_ADDRESS: <External Database IP or URL (resolvable by K8s)> POSTGRES_EXTERNAL_PORT: <External Database Port> # Strongly recommended to use <'Keycloak CR Name'-postgresql> POSTGRES_HOST: <Database Service Name> POSTGRES_PASSWORD: <Database Password> # Required for AWS Backup functionality POSTGRES_SUPERUSER: true POSTGRES_USERNAME: <Database Username> type: Opaque Both POSTGRES_EXTERNAL_ADDRESS and POSTGRES_EXTERNAL_PORT are specifically required for creating connection to the external database. The secret name is created using the following convention: <Custom Resource Name>-db-secret For more information, please refer to the Operator documentation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--external_database))
- `instances` (Number) Number of Keycloak instances in HA mode. Default is 1.
- `keycloak_deployment_spec` (Attributes) Resources (Requests and Limits) and ImagePullPolicy for KeycloakDeployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec))
- `migration` (Attributes) Specify Migration configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--migration))
- `multi_availablity_zones` (Attributes) Specify PodAntiAffinity settings for Keycloak deployment in Multi AZ (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--multi_availablity_zones))
- `pod_disruption_budget` (Attributes) Specify PodDisruptionBudget configuration. This field is deprecated and will be ignored on K8s >=1.25 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_disruption_budget))
- `postgres_deployment_spec` (Attributes) Resources (Requests and Limits) and ImagePullPolicy for PostgresDeployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--postgres_deployment_spec))
- `profile` (String) Profile used for controlling Operator behavior. Default is empty.
- `storage_class_name` (String) Name of the StorageClass for Postgresql Persistent Volume Claim
- `unmanaged` (Boolean) When set to true, this Keycloak will be marked as unmanaged and will not be managed by this operator. It can then be used for targeting purposes.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--external"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external`

Optional:

- `context_root` (String) Context root for Keycloak. If not set, the default '/auth/' is used. Must end with '/'.
- `enabled` (Boolean) If set to true, this Keycloak will be treated as an external instance. The unmanaged field also needs to be set to true if this field is true.
- `url` (String) The URL to use for the keycloak admin API. Needs to be set if external is true.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--external_access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_access`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) If set to true, the Operator will create an Ingress or a Route pointing to Keycloak.
- `host` (String) If set, the Operator will use value of host for Ingress host instead of default value keycloak.local. Using this setting in OpenShift environment will result an error. Only users with special permissions are allowed to modify the hostname.
- `tls_termination` (String) TLS Termination type for the external access. Setting this field to 'reencrypt' will terminate TLS on the Ingress/Route level. Setting this field to 'passthrough' will send encrypted traffic to the Pod. If unspecified, defaults to 'reencrypt'. Note, that this setting has no effect on Ingress as Ingress TLS settings are not reconciled by this operator. In other words, Ingress TLS configuration is the same in both cases and it is up to the user to configure TLS section of the Ingress.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--external_database"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_database`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) If set to true, the Operator will use an external database pointing to Keycloak. The embedded database (externalDatabase.enabled = false) is deprecated.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keycloak_deployment_spec`

Optional:

- `experimental` (Attributes) Experimental section NOTE: This section might change or get removed without any notice. It may also cause the deployment to behave in an unpredictable fashion. Please use with care. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental))
- `image_pull_policy` (String) ImagePullPolicy for the Containers.
- `podannotations` (Map of String) List of annotations to set in the keycloak pods
- `podlabels` (Map of String) List of labels to set in the keycloak pods
- `resources` (Attributes) Resources (Requests and Limits) for the Pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--resources))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keycloak_deployment_spec.experimental`

Optional:

- `affinity` (Attributes) Affinity settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--affinity))
- `args` (List of String) Arguments to the entrypoint. Translates into Container CMD.
- `command` (List of String) Container command. Translates into Container ENTRYPOINT.
- `env` (Attributes List) List of environment variables to set in the container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--env))
- `service_account_name` (String) ServiceAccountName settings
- `volumes` (Attributes) Additional volume mounts (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--volumes))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keycloak_deployment_spec.experimental.affinity`

Optional:

- `node_affinity` (Attributes) Describes node affinity scheduling rules for the pod. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--affinity--node_affinity))
- `pod_affinity` (Attributes) Describes pod affinity scheduling rules (e.g. co-locate this pod in the same node, zone, etc. as some other pod(s)). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--affinity--pod_affinity))
- `pod_anti_affinity` (Attributes) Describes pod anti-affinity scheduling rules (e.g. avoid putting this pod in the same node, zone, etc. as some other pod(s)). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--affinity--pod_anti_affinity))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--affinity--node_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keycloak_deployment_spec.experimental.affinity.node_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) The scheduler will prefer to schedule pods to nodes that satisfy the affinity expressions specified by this field, but it may choose a node that violates one or more of the expressions. The node that is most preferred is the one with the greatest sum of weights, i.e. for each node that meets all of the scheduling requirements (resource request, requiredDuringScheduling affinity expressions, etc.), compute a sum by iterating through the elements of this field and adding 'weight' to the sum if the node matches the corresponding matchExpressions; the node(s) with the highest sum are the most preferred. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes) If the affinity requirements specified by this field are not met at scheduling time, the pod will not be scheduled onto the node. If the affinity requirements specified by this field cease to be met at some point during pod execution (e.g. due to an update), the system may or may not try to eventually evict the pod from its node. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keycloak_deployment_spec.experimental.affinity.node_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `preference` (Attributes) A node selector term, associated with the corresponding weight. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference))
- `weight` (Number) Weight associated with matching the corresponding nodeSelectorTerm, in the range 1-100.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keycloak_deployment_spec.experimental.affinity.node_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.preference`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's labels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_expressions))
- `match_fields` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_fields))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keycloak_deployment_spec.experimental.affinity.node_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.preference.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keycloak_deployment_spec.experimental.affinity.node_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.preference.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keycloak_deployment_spec.experimental.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `node_selector_terms` (Attributes List) Required. A list of node selector terms. The terms are ORed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keycloak_deployment_spec.experimental.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's labels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_expressions))
- `match_fields` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_fields))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keycloak_deployment_spec.experimental.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keycloak_deployment_spec.experimental.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--affinity--pod_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keycloak_deployment_spec.experimental.affinity.pod_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) The scheduler will prefer to schedule pods to nodes that satisfy the affinity expressions specified by this field, but it may choose a node that violates one or more of the expressions. The node that is most preferred is the one with the greatest sum of weights, i.e. for each node that meets all of the scheduling requirements (resource request, requiredDuringScheduling affinity expressions, etc.), compute a sum by iterating through the elements of this field and adding 'weight' to the sum if the node has pods which matches the corresponding podAffinityTerm; the node(s) with the highest sum are the most preferred. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) If the affinity requirements specified by this field are not met at scheduling time, the pod will not be scheduled onto the node. If the affinity requirements specified by this field cease to be met at some point during pod execution (e.g. due to a pod label update), the system may or may not try to eventually evict the pod from its node. When there are multiple elements, the lists of nodes corresponding to each podAffinityTerm are intersected, i.e. all terms must be satisfied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keycloak_deployment_spec.experimental.affinity.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `pod_affinity_term` (Attributes) Required. A pod affinity term, associated with the corresponding weight. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term))
- `weight` (Number) weight associated with matching the corresponding podAffinityTerm, in the range 1-100.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keycloak_deployment_spec.experimental.affinity.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matching the labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a node whose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of the selected pods is running. Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies which namespaces the labelSelector applies to (matches against); null or empty list means 'this pod's namespace'

<a id="nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keycloak_deployment_spec.experimental.affinity.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keycloak_deployment_spec.experimental.affinity.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.label_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keycloak_deployment_spec.experimental.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matching the labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a node whose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of the selected pods is running. Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies which namespaces the labelSelector applies to (matches against); null or empty list means 'this pod's namespace'

<a id="nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keycloak_deployment_spec.experimental.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keycloak_deployment_spec.experimental.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--affinity--pod_anti_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keycloak_deployment_spec.experimental.affinity.pod_anti_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) The scheduler will prefer to schedule pods to nodes that satisfy the anti-affinity expressions specified by this field, but it may choose a node that violates one or more of the expressions. The node that is most preferred is the one with the greatest sum of weights, i.e. for each node that meets all of the scheduling requirements (resource request, requiredDuringScheduling anti-affinity expressions, etc.), compute a sum by iterating through the elements of this field and adding 'weight' to the sum if the node has pods which matches the corresponding podAffinityTerm; the node(s) with the highest sum are the most preferred. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) If the anti-affinity requirements specified by this field are not met at scheduling time, the pod will not be scheduled onto the node. If the anti-affinity requirements specified by this field cease to be met at some point during pod execution (e.g. due to a pod label update), the system may or may not try to eventually evict the pod from its node. When there are multiple elements, the lists of nodes corresponding to each podAffinityTerm are intersected, i.e. all terms must be satisfied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keycloak_deployment_spec.experimental.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `pod_affinity_term` (Attributes) Required. A pod affinity term, associated with the corresponding weight. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term))
- `weight` (Number) weight associated with matching the corresponding podAffinityTerm, in the range 1-100.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keycloak_deployment_spec.experimental.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matching the labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a node whose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of the selected pods is running. Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies which namespaces the labelSelector applies to (matches against); null or empty list means 'this pod's namespace'

<a id="nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keycloak_deployment_spec.experimental.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keycloak_deployment_spec.experimental.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.label_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keycloak_deployment_spec.experimental.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matching the labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a node whose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of the selected pods is running. Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies which namespaces the labelSelector applies to (matches against); null or empty list means 'this pod's namespace'

<a id="nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keycloak_deployment_spec.experimental.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keycloak_deployment_spec.experimental.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.






<a id="nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--env"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keycloak_deployment_spec.experimental.env`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the environment variable. Must be a C_IDENTIFIER.

Optional:

- `value` (String) Variable references $(VAR_NAME) are expanded using the previous defined environment variables in the container and any service environment variables. If a variable cannot be resolved, the reference in the input string will be unchanged. The $(VAR_NAME) syntax can be escaped with a double $$, ie: $$(VAR_NAME). Escaped references will never be expanded, regardless of whether the variable exists or not. Defaults to ''.
- `value_from` (Attributes) Source for the environment variable's value. Cannot be used if value is not empty. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--env--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--env--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keycloak_deployment_spec.experimental.env.value_from`

Optional:

- `config_map_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a ConfigMap. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--env--value_from--config_map_key_ref))
- `field_ref` (Attributes) Selects a field of the pod: supports metadata.name, metadata.namespace, 'metadata.labels['<KEY>']', 'metadata.annotations['<KEY>']', spec.nodeName, spec.serviceAccountName, status.hostIP, status.podIP, status.podIPs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--env--value_from--field_ref))
- `resource_field_ref` (Attributes) Selects a resource of the container: only resources limits and requests (limits.cpu, limits.memory, limits.ephemeral-storage, requests.cpu, requests.memory and requests.ephemeral-storage) are currently supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--env--value_from--resource_field_ref))
- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a secret in the pod's namespace (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--env--value_from--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--env--value_from--config_map_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keycloak_deployment_spec.experimental.env.value_from.config_map_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key to select.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the ConfigMap or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--env--value_from--field_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keycloak_deployment_spec.experimental.env.value_from.field_ref`

Required:

- `field_path` (String) Path of the field to select in the specified API version.

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) Version of the schema the FieldPath is written in terms of, defaults to 'v1'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--env--value_from--resource_field_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keycloak_deployment_spec.experimental.env.value_from.resource_field_ref`

Required:

- `resource` (String) Required: resource to select

Optional:

- `container_name` (String) Container name: required for volumes, optional for env vars
- `divisor` (String) Specifies the output format of the exposed resources, defaults to '1'


<a id="nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--env--value_from--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keycloak_deployment_spec.experimental.env.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from. Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined




<a id="nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--volumes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keycloak_deployment_spec.experimental.volumes`

Optional:

- `default_mode` (Number) Permissions mode.
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--volumes--items))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--volumes--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keycloak_deployment_spec.experimental.volumes.items`

Required:

- `mount_path` (String) An absolute path where to mount it

Optional:

- `config_maps` (List of String) Allow multiple configmaps to mount to the same directory
- `items` (Attributes List) Mount details (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--volumes--items--items))
- `name` (String) Volume name
- `secrets` (List of String) Secret mount

<a id="nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--experimental--volumes--items--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keycloak_deployment_spec.experimental.volumes.items.items`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key to project.
- `path` (String) The relative path of the file to map the key to. May not be an absolute path. May not contain the path element '..'. May not start with the string '..'.

Optional:

- `mode` (Number) Optional: mode bits used to set permissions on this file. Must be an octal value between 0000 and 0777 or a decimal value between 0 and 511. YAML accepts both octal and decimal values, JSON requires decimal values for mode bits. If not specified, the volume defaultMode will be used. This might be in conflict with other options that affect the file mode, like fsGroup, and the result can be other mode bits set.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--keycloak_deployment_spec--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.keycloak_deployment_spec.resources`

Optional:

- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-compute-resources-container/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-compute-resources-container/



<a id="nestedatt--spec--migration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.migration`

Optional:

- `backups` (Attributes) Set it to config backup policy for migration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--migration--backups))
- `strategy` (String) Specify migration strategy

<a id="nestedatt--spec--migration--backups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.migration.backups`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) If set to true, the operator will do database backup before doing migration



<a id="nestedatt--spec--multi_availablity_zones"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.multi_availablity_zones`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) If set to true, the operator will create a podAntiAffinity settings for the Keycloak deployment.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_disruption_budget"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_disruption_budget`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) If set to true, the operator will create a PodDistruptionBudget for the Keycloak deployment and set its 'maxUnavailable' value to 1.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--postgres_deployment_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.postgres_deployment_spec`

Optional:

- `image_pull_policy` (String) ImagePullPolicy for the Containers.
- `resources` (Attributes) Resources (Requests and Limits) for the Pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--postgres_deployment_spec--resources))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--postgres_deployment_spec--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.postgres_deployment_spec.resources`

Optional:

- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-compute-resources-container/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-compute-resources-container/
