---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_keyspaces_services_k8s_aws_table_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "keyspaces.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  Table is the Schema for the Tables API
---

# k8s_keyspaces_services_k8s_aws_table_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

Table is the Schema for the Tables API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_keyspaces_services_k8s_aws_table_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) TableSpec defines the desired state of Table. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `keyspace_name` (String) The name of the keyspace that the table is going to be created in.
- `schema_definition` (Attributes) The schemaDefinition consists of the following parameters.For each column to be created:   * name - The name of the column.   * type - An Amazon Keyspaces data type. For more information, see Data   types (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/keyspaces/latest/devguide/cql.elements.html#cql.data-types)   in the Amazon Keyspaces Developer Guide.The primary key of the table consists of the following columns:   * partitionKeys - The partition key can be a single column, or it can   be a compound value composed of two or more columns. The partition key   portion of the primary key is required and determines how Amazon Keyspaces   stores your data.   * name - The name of each partition key column.   * clusteringKeys - The optional clustering column portion of your primary   key determines how the data is clustered and sorted within each partition.   * name - The name of the clustering column.   * orderBy - Sets the ascendant (ASC) or descendant (DESC) order modifier.   To define a column as static use staticColumns - Static columns store   values that are shared by all rows in the same partition:   * name - The name of the column.   * type - An Amazon Keyspaces data type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--schema_definition))
- `table_name` (String) The name of the table.

Optional:

- `capacity_specification` (Attributes) Specifies the read/write throughput capacity mode for the table. The optionsare:   * throughputMode:PAY_PER_REQUEST and   * throughputMode:PROVISIONED - Provisioned capacity mode requires readCapacityUnits   and writeCapacityUnits as input.The default is throughput_mode:PAY_PER_REQUEST.For more information, see Read/write capacity modes (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/keyspaces/latest/devguide/ReadWriteCapacityMode.html)in the Amazon Keyspaces Developer Guide. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--capacity_specification))
- `client_side_timestamps` (Attributes) Enables client-side timestamps for the table. By default, the setting isdisabled. You can enable client-side timestamps with the following option:   * status: 'enabled'Once client-side timestamps are enabled for a table, this setting cannotbe disabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--client_side_timestamps))
- `comment` (Attributes) This parameter allows to enter a description of the table. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--comment))
- `default_time_to_live` (Number) The default Time to Live setting in seconds for the table.For more information, see Setting the default TTL value for a table (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/keyspaces/latest/devguide/TTL-how-it-works.html#ttl-howitworks_default_ttl)in the Amazon Keyspaces Developer Guide.
- `encryption_specification` (Attributes) Specifies how the encryption key for encryption at rest is managed for thetable. You can choose one of the following KMS key (KMS key):   * type:AWS_OWNED_KMS_KEY - This key is owned by Amazon Keyspaces.   * type:CUSTOMER_MANAGED_KMS_KEY - This key is stored in your account and   is created, owned, and managed by you. This option requires the kms_key_identifier   of the KMS key in Amazon Resource Name (ARN) format as input.The default is type:AWS_OWNED_KMS_KEY.For more information, see Encryption at rest (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/keyspaces/latest/devguide/EncryptionAtRest.html)in the Amazon Keyspaces Developer Guide. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--encryption_specification))
- `point_in_time_recovery` (Attributes) Specifies if pointInTimeRecovery is enabled or disabled for the table. Theoptions are:   * status=ENABLED   * status=DISABLEDIf it's not specified, the default is status=DISABLED.For more information, see Point-in-time recovery (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/keyspaces/latest/devguide/PointInTimeRecovery.html)in the Amazon Keyspaces Developer Guide. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--point_in_time_recovery))
- `tags` (Attributes List) A list of key-value pair tags to be attached to the resource.For more information, see Adding tags and labels to Amazon Keyspaces resources(https://docs.aws.amazon.com/keyspaces/latest/devguide/tagging-keyspaces.html)in the Amazon Keyspaces Developer Guide. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tags))
- `ttl` (Attributes) Enables Time to Live custom settings for the table. The options are:   * status:enabled   * status:disabledThe default is status:disabled. After ttl is enabled, you can't disable itfor the table.For more information, see Expiring data by using Amazon Keyspaces Time toLive (TTL) (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/keyspaces/latest/devguide/TTL.html)in the Amazon Keyspaces Developer Guide. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ttl))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--schema_definition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.schema_definition`

Optional:

- `all_columns` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--schema_definition--all_columns))
- `clustering_keys` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--schema_definition--clustering_keys))
- `partition_keys` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--schema_definition--partition_keys))
- `static_columns` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--schema_definition--static_columns))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--schema_definition--all_columns"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.schema_definition.all_columns`

Optional:

- `name` (String)
- `type_` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--schema_definition--clustering_keys"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.schema_definition.clustering_keys`

Optional:

- `name` (String)
- `order_by` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--schema_definition--partition_keys"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.schema_definition.partition_keys`

Optional:

- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--schema_definition--static_columns"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.schema_definition.static_columns`

Optional:

- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--capacity_specification"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.capacity_specification`

Optional:

- `read_capacity_units` (Number)
- `throughput_mode` (String)
- `write_capacity_units` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--client_side_timestamps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.client_side_timestamps`

Optional:

- `status` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--comment"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.comment`

Optional:

- `message` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--encryption_specification"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.encryption_specification`

Optional:

- `kms_key_identifier` (String)
- `type_` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--point_in_time_recovery"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.point_in_time_recovery`

Optional:

- `status` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--ttl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ttl`

Optional:

- `status` (String)
