---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_keyspaces_services_k8s_aws_keyspace_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "keyspaces.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  Keyspace is the Schema for the Keyspaces API
---

# k8s_keyspaces_services_k8s_aws_keyspace_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

Keyspace is the Schema for the Keyspaces API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_keyspaces_services_k8s_aws_keyspace_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) KeyspaceSpec defines the desired state of Keyspace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `keyspace_name` (String) The name of the keyspace to be created.

Optional:

- `replication_specification` (Attributes) The replication specification of the keyspace includes:   * replicationStrategy - the required value is SINGLE_REGION or MULTI_REGION.   * regionList - if the replicationStrategy is MULTI_REGION, the regionList   requires the current Region and at least one additional Amazon Web Services   Region where the keyspace is going to be replicated in. The maximum number   of supported replication Regions including the current Region is six. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--replication_specification))
- `tags` (Attributes List) A list of key-value pair tags to be attached to the keyspace.For more information, see Adding tags and labels to Amazon Keyspaces resources(https://docs.aws.amazon.com/keyspaces/latest/devguide/tagging-keyspaces.html)in the Amazon Keyspaces Developer Guide. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--replication_specification"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.replication_specification`

Optional:

- `region_list` (List of String)
- `replication_strategy` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)
