---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_kinesis_services_k8s_aws_stream_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "kinesis.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  Stream is the Schema for the Streams API
---

# k8s_kinesis_services_k8s_aws_stream_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

Stream is the Schema for the Streams API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_kinesis_services_k8s_aws_stream_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) StreamSpec defines the desired state of Stream. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `name` (String) A name to identify the stream. The stream name is scoped to the Amazon WebServices account used by the application that creates the stream. It is alsoscoped by Amazon Web Services Region. That is, two streams in two differentAmazon Web Services accounts can have the same name. Two streams in the sameAmazon Web Services account but in two different Regions can also have thesame name.

Optional:

- `shard_count` (Number) The number of shards that the stream will use. The throughput of the streamis a function of the number of shards; more shards are required for greaterprovisioned throughput.
- `stream_mode_details` (Attributes) Indicates the capacity mode of the data stream. Currently, in Kinesis DataStreams, you can choose between an on-demand capacity mode and a provisionedcapacity mode for your data streams. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--stream_mode_details))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--stream_mode_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.stream_mode_details`

Optional:

- `stream_mode` (String)
