---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_kms_services_k8s_aws_alias_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "kms.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  Alias is the Schema for the Aliases API
---

# k8s_kms_services_k8s_aws_alias_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

Alias is the Schema for the Aliases API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_kms_services_k8s_aws_alias_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) AliasSpec defines the desired state of Alias. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `name` (String) Specifies the alias name. This value must begin with alias/ followed by aname, such as alias/ExampleAlias.The AliasName value must be string of 1-256 characters. It can contain onlyalphanumeric characters, forward slashes (/), underscores (_), and dashes(-). The alias name cannot begin with alias/aws/. The alias/aws/ prefix isreserved for Amazon Web Services managed keys (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/concepts.html#aws-managed-cmk).

Optional:

- `target_key_id` (String) Associates the alias with the specified customer managed key (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/concepts.html#customer-cmk).The KMS key must be in the same Amazon Web Services Region.A valid key ID is required. If you supply a null or empty string value, thisoperation returns an error.For help finding the key ID and ARN, see Finding the Key ID and ARN (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/viewing-keys.html#find-cmk-id-arn)in the Key Management Service Developer Guide .Specify the key ID or key ARN of the KMS key.For example:   * Key ID: 1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab   * Key ARN: arn:aws:kms:us-east-2:111122223333:key/1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890abTo get the key ID and key ARN for a KMS key, use ListKeys or DescribeKey.
- `target_key_ref` (Attributes) AWSResourceReferenceWrapper provides a wrapper around *AWSResourceReferencetype to provide more user friendly syntax for references using 'from' fieldEx:APIIDRef:	from:	  name: my-api (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--target_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--target_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.target_key_ref`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference anotherk8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--target_key_ref--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--target_key_ref--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.target_key_ref.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)
