---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_kuadrant_io_managed_zone_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "kuadrant.io"
description: |-
  ManagedZone is the Schema for the managedzones API
---

# k8s_kuadrant_io_managed_zone_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

ManagedZone is the Schema for the managedzones API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_kuadrant_io_managed_zone_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) ManagedZoneSpec defines the desired state of ManagedZone (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `description` (String) description for this ManagedZone
- `dns_provider_secret_ref` (Attributes) dnsProviderSecretRef reference to a secret containing credentials to access a dns provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--dns_provider_secret_ref))
- `domain_name` (String) domainName of this ManagedZone

Optional:

- `id` (String) id is the provider assigned id of this  zone (i.e. route53.HostedZone.ID).
- `parent_managed_zone` (Attributes) parentManagedZone reference to another managed zone that this managed zone belongs to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--parent_managed_zone))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--dns_provider_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.dns_provider_secret_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--parent_managed_zone"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.parent_managed_zone`

Required:

- `name` (String) 'name' is the name of the managed zone.Required
