---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_kuadrant_io_dns_record_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "kuadrant.io"
description: |-
  DNSRecord is the Schema for the dnsrecords API
---

# k8s_kuadrant_io_dns_record_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

DNSRecord is the Schema for the dnsrecords API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_kuadrant_io_dns_record_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) DNSRecordSpec defines the desired state of DNSRecord (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `managed_zone` (Attributes) managedZone is a reference to a ManagedZone instance to which this record will publish its endpoints. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--managed_zone))

Optional:

- `endpoints` (Attributes List) endpoints is a list of endpoints that will be published into the dns provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--endpoints))
- `health_check` (Attributes) HealthCheckSpec configures health checks in the DNS provider. By default this health check will be applied to each unique DNS A Record for the listeners assigned to the target gateway (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--health_check))
- `owner_id` (String) ownerID is a unique string used to identify the owner of this record.
- `root_host` (String) rootHost is the single root for all endpoints in a DNSRecord. If rootHost is set, it is expected all defined endpoints are children of or equal to this rootHost

<a id="nestedatt--spec--managed_zone"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.managed_zone`

Required:

- `name` (String) 'name' is the name of the managed zone. Required


<a id="nestedatt--spec--endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.endpoints`

Optional:

- `dns_name` (String) The hostname of the DNS record
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels stores labels defined for the Endpoint
- `provider_specific` (Attributes List) ProviderSpecific stores provider specific config (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--endpoints--provider_specific))
- `record_ttl` (Number) TTL for the record
- `record_type` (String) RecordType type of record, e.g. CNAME, A, AAAA, SRV, TXT etc
- `set_identifier` (String) Identifier to distinguish multiple records with the same name and type (e.g. Route53 records with routing policies other than 'simple')
- `targets` (List of String) The targets the DNS record points to

<a id="nestedatt--spec--endpoints--provider_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.endpoints.provider_specific`

Optional:

- `name` (String)
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--health_check"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.health_check`

Optional:

- `endpoint` (String)
- `failure_threshold` (Number)
- `port` (Number)
- `protocol` (String)
