---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_kube_green_com_sleep_info_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "kube-green.com"
description: |-
  SleepInfo is the Schema for the sleepinfos API
---

# k8s_kube_green_com_sleep_info_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

SleepInfo is the Schema for the sleepinfos API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_kube_green_com_sleep_info_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) SleepInfoSpec defines the desired state of SleepInfo (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `sleep_at` (String) Hours:Minutes  Accept cron schedule for both hour and minute. For example, *:*/2 is set to configure a run every even minute.
- `weekdays` (String) Weekdays are in cron notation.  For example, to configure a schedule from monday to friday, set it to '1-5'

Optional:

- `exclude_ref` (Attributes List) ExcludeRef define the resource to exclude from the sleep. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--exclude_ref))
- `patches` (Attributes List) Patches is a list of json 6902 patches to apply to the target resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--patches))
- `suspend_cron_jobs` (Boolean) If SuspendCronjobs is set to true, on sleep the cronjobs of the namespace will be suspended.
- `suspend_deployments` (Boolean) If SuspendDeployments is set to false, on sleep the deployment of the namespace will not be suspended. By default Deployment will be suspended.
- `time_zone` (String) Time zone to set the schedule, in IANA time zone identifier. It is not required, default to UTC. For example, for the Italy time zone set Europe/Rome.
- `wake_up_at` (String) Hours:Minutes  Accept cron schedule for both hour and minute. For example, *:*/2 is set to configure a run every even minute. It is not required.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--exclude_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.exclude_ref`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) ApiVersion of the kubernetes resources. Supported api version is 'apps/v1'.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the kubernetes resources of the specific version. Supported kind are 'Deployment' and 'CronJob'.
- `match_labels` (Map of String) MatchLabels which identify the kubernetes resource by labels
- `name` (String) Name which identify the kubernetes resource.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--patches"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.patches`

Required:

- `patch` (String) Patch is the json6902 patch to apply to the target resource.
- `target` (Attributes) Target is the target resource to patch. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--patches--target))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--patches--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.patches.target`

Required:

- `group` (String) Group of the Kubernetes resources.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the Kubernetes resources.
