---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_kueue_x_k8s_io_provisioning_request_config_v1beta1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "kueue.x-k8s.io"
description: |-
  ProvisioningRequestConfig is the Schema for the provisioningrequestconfig API
---

# k8s_kueue_x_k8s_io_provisioning_request_config_v1beta1_manifest (Data Source)

ProvisioningRequestConfig is the Schema for the provisioningrequestconfig API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_kueue_x_k8s_io_provisioning_request_config_v1beta1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) ProvisioningRequestConfigSpec defines the desired state of ProvisioningRequestConfig (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `provisioning_class_name` (String) ProvisioningClassName describes the different modes of provisioning the resources. Check autoscaling.x-k8s.io ProvisioningRequestSpec.ProvisioningClassName for details.

Optional:

- `managed_resources` (List of String) managedResources contains the list of resources managed by the autoscaling. If empty, all resources are considered managed. If not empty, the ProvisioningRequest will contain only the podsets that are requesting at least one of them. If none of the workloads podsets is requesting at least a managed resource, the workload is considered ready.
- `parameters` (Map of String) Parameters contains all other parameters classes may require.
