---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_kueue_x_k8s_io_cohort_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "kueue.x-k8s.io"
description: |-
  Cohort is the Schema for the cohorts API. Using Hierarchical Cohorts (any Cohort which has a parent) with Fair Sharing results in undefined behavior in 0.9
---

# k8s_kueue_x_k8s_io_cohort_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

Cohort is the Schema for the cohorts API. Using Hierarchical Cohorts (any Cohort which has a parent) with Fair Sharing results in undefined behavior in 0.9

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_kueue_x_k8s_io_cohort_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) CohortSpec defines the desired state of Cohort (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `parent` (String) Parent references the name of the Cohort's parent, if any. It satisfies one of three cases: 1) Unset. This Cohort is the root of its Cohort tree. 2) References a non-existent Cohort. We use default Cohort (no borrowing/lending limits). 3) References an existent Cohort. If a cycle is created, we disable all members of the Cohort, including ClusterQueues, until the cycle is removed. We prevent further admission while the cycle exists.
- `resource_groups` (Attributes List) ResourceGroups describes groupings of Resources and Flavors. Each ResourceGroup defines a list of Resources and a list of Flavors which provide quotas for these Resources. Each Resource and each Flavor may only form part of one ResourceGroup. There may be up to 16 ResourceGroups within a Cohort. BorrowingLimit limits how much members of this Cohort subtree can borrow from the parent subtree. LendingLimit limits how much members of this Cohort subtree can lend to the parent subtree. Borrowing and Lending limits must only be set when the Cohort has a parent. Otherwise, the Cohort create/update will be rejected by the webhook. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resource_groups))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resource_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resource_groups`

Required:

- `covered_resources` (List of String) coveredResources is the list of resources covered by the flavors in this group. Examples: cpu, memory, vendor.com/gpu. The list cannot be empty and it can contain up to 16 resources.
- `flavors` (Attributes List) flavors is the list of flavors that provide the resources of this group. Typically, different flavors represent different hardware models (e.g., gpu models, cpu architectures) or pricing models (on-demand vs spot cpus). Each flavor MUST list all the resources listed for this group in the same order as the .resources field. The list cannot be empty and it can contain up to 16 flavors. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resource_groups--flavors))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resource_groups--flavors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resource_groups.flavors`

Required:

- `name` (String) name of this flavor. The name should match the .metadata.name of a ResourceFlavor. If a matching ResourceFlavor does not exist, the ClusterQueue will have an Active condition set to False.
- `resources` (Attributes List) resources is the list of quotas for this flavor per resource. There could be up to 16 resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resource_groups--flavors--resources))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resource_groups--flavors--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resource_groups.flavors.resources`

Required:

- `name` (String) name of this resource.
- `nominal_quota` (String) nominalQuota is the quantity of this resource that is available for Workloads admitted by this ClusterQueue at a point in time. The nominalQuota must be non-negative. nominalQuota should represent the resources in the cluster available for running jobs (after discounting resources consumed by system components and pods not managed by kueue). In an autoscaled cluster, nominalQuota should account for resources that can be provided by a component such as Kubernetes cluster-autoscaler. If the ClusterQueue belongs to a cohort, the sum of the quotas for each (flavor, resource) combination defines the maximum quantity that can be allocated by a ClusterQueue in the cohort.

Optional:

- `borrowing_limit` (String) borrowingLimit is the maximum amount of quota for the [flavor, resource] combination that this ClusterQueue is allowed to borrow from the unused quota of other ClusterQueues in the same cohort. In total, at a given time, Workloads in a ClusterQueue can consume a quantity of quota equal to nominalQuota+borrowingLimit, assuming the other ClusterQueues in the cohort have enough unused quota. If null, it means that there is no borrowing limit. If not null, it must be non-negative. borrowingLimit must be null if spec.cohort is empty.
- `lending_limit` (String) lendingLimit is the maximum amount of unused quota for the [flavor, resource] combination that this ClusterQueue can lend to other ClusterQueues in the same cohort. In total, at a given time, ClusterQueue reserves for its exclusive use a quantity of quota equals to nominalQuota - lendingLimit. If null, it means that there is no lending limit, meaning that all the nominalQuota can be borrowed by other clusterQueues in the cohort. If not null, it must be non-negative. lendingLimit must be null if spec.cohort is empty. This field is in beta stage and is enabled by default.
