---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_kueue_x_k8s_io_workload_priority_class_v1beta1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "kueue.x-k8s.io"
description: |-
  WorkloadPriorityClass is the Schema for the workloadPriorityClass API
---

# k8s_kueue_x_k8s_io_workload_priority_class_v1beta1_manifest (Data Source)

WorkloadPriorityClass is the Schema for the workloadPriorityClass API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_kueue_x_k8s_io_workload_priority_class_v1beta1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"
  }
  value = 12345
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `value` (Number) value represents the integer value of this workloadPriorityClass. This is the actual priority that workloads receive when jobs have the name of this class in their workloadPriorityClass label. Changing the value of workloadPriorityClass doesn't affect the priority of workloads that were already created.

### Optional

- `description` (String) description is an arbitrary string that usually provides guidelines on when this workloadPriorityClass should be used.

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
