---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_kueue_x_k8s_io_admission_check_v1beta1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "kueue.x-k8s.io"
description: |-
  AdmissionCheck is the Schema for the admissionchecks API
---

# k8s_kueue_x_k8s_io_admission_check_v1beta1_manifest (Data Source)

AdmissionCheck is the Schema for the admissionchecks API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_kueue_x_k8s_io_admission_check_v1beta1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) AdmissionCheckSpec defines the desired state of AdmissionCheck (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `controller_name` (String) controllerName identifies the controller that processes the AdmissionCheck,not necessarily a Kubernetes Pod or Deployment name. Cannot be empty.

Optional:

- `parameters` (Attributes) Parameters identifies a configuration with additional parameters for thecheck. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--parameters))
- `retry_delay_minutes` (Number) RetryDelayMinutes **deprecated** specifies how long to keep the workload suspended aftera failed check (after it transitioned to False). When the delay period has passed, the checkstate goes to 'Unknown'. The default is 15 min.The default is 15 min.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.parameters`

Required:

- `api_group` (String) ApiGroup is the group for the resource being referenced.
- `kind` (String) Kind is the type of the resource being referenced.
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the resource being referenced.
