---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_kueue_x_k8s_io_admission_check_v1beta1 Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "kueue.x-k8s.io"
description: |-
  AdmissionCheck is the Schema for the admissionchecks API
---

# k8s_kueue_x_k8s_io_admission_check_v1beta1 (Data Source)

AdmissionCheck is the Schema for the admissionchecks API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_kueue_x_k8s_io_admission_check_v1beta1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) The API group of the requested resource.
- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.
- `kind` (String) The type of the requested resource.
- `spec` (Attributes) AdmissionCheckSpec defines the desired state of AdmissionCheck (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Read-Only:

- `controller_name` (String) controllerName is name of the controller which will actually perform the checks. This is the name with which controller identifies with, not necessarily a K8S Pod or Deployment name. Cannot be empty.
- `parameters` (Attributes) Parameters identifies the resource providing additional check parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--parameters))
- `retry_delay_minutes` (Number) RetryDelayMinutes specifies how long to keep the workload suspended after a failed check (after it transitioned to False). After that the check state goes to 'Unknown'. The default is 15 min.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.parameters`

Read-Only:

- `api_group` (String) ApiGroup is the group for the resource being referenced.
- `kind` (String) Kind is the type of the resource being referenced.
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the resource being referenced.
