---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_kueue_x_k8s_io_resource_flavor_v1beta1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "kueue.x-k8s.io"
description: |-
  ResourceFlavor is the Schema for the resourceflavors API.
---

# k8s_kueue_x_k8s_io_resource_flavor_v1beta1_manifest (Data Source)

ResourceFlavor is the Schema for the resourceflavors API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_kueue_x_k8s_io_resource_flavor_v1beta1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) ResourceFlavorSpec defines the desired state of the ResourceFlavor (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `node_labels` (Map of String) nodeLabels are labels that associate the ResourceFlavor with Nodes that have the same labels. When a Workload is admitted, its podsets can only get assigned ResourceFlavors whose nodeLabels match the nodeSelector and nodeAffinity fields. Once a ResourceFlavor is assigned to a podSet, the ResourceFlavor's nodeLabels should be injected into the pods of the Workload by the controller that integrates with the Workload object. nodeLabels can be up to 8 elements.
- `node_taints` (Attributes List) nodeTaints are taints that the nodes associated with this ResourceFlavor have. Workloads' podsets must have tolerations for these nodeTaints in order to get assigned this ResourceFlavor during admission. An example of a nodeTaint is cloud.provider.com/preemptible='true':NoSchedule nodeTaints can be up to 8 elements. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--node_taints))
- `tolerations` (Attributes List) tolerations are extra tolerations that will be added to the pods admitted in the quota associated with this resource flavor. An example of a toleration is cloud.provider.com/preemptible='true':NoSchedule tolerations can be up to 8 elements. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tolerations))
- `topology_name` (String) topologyName indicates topology for the TAS ResourceFlavor. When specified, it enables scraping of the topology information from the nodes matching to the Resource Flavor node labels.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--node_taints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.node_taints`

Required:

- `effect` (String) Required. The effect of the taint on pods that do not tolerate the taint. Valid effects are NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Required. The taint key to be applied to a node.

Optional:

- `time_added` (String) TimeAdded represents the time at which the taint was added. It is only written for NoExecute taints.
- `value` (String) The taint value corresponding to the taint key.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tolerations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tolerations`

Optional:

- `effect` (String) Effect indicates the taint effect to match. Empty means match all taint effects. When specified, allowed values are NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Key is the taint key that the toleration applies to. Empty means match all taint keys. If the key is empty, operator must be Exists; this combination means to match all values and all keys.
- `operator` (String) Operator represents a key's relationship to the value. Valid operators are Exists and Equal. Defaults to Equal. Exists is equivalent to wildcard for value, so that a pod can tolerate all taints of a particular category.
- `toleration_seconds` (Number) TolerationSeconds represents the period of time the toleration (which must be of effect NoExecute, otherwise this field is ignored) tolerates the taint. By default, it is not set, which means tolerate the taint forever (do not evict). Zero and negative values will be treated as 0 (evict immediately) by the system.
- `value` (String) Value is the taint value the toleration matches to. If the operator is Exists, the value should be empty, otherwise just a regular string.
