---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_kuma_io_mesh_trace_v1alpha1 Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "kuma.io"
description: |-
  
---

# k8s_kuma_io_mesh_trace_v1alpha1 (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_kuma_io_mesh_trace_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `spec` (Attributes) Spec is the specification of the Kuma MeshTrace resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) MeshTrace configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--default))
- `target_ref` (Attributes) TargetRef is a reference to the resource the policy takes an effect on. The resource could be either a real store object or virtual resource defined inplace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--target_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.default`

Read-Only:

- `backends` (Attributes List) A one element array of backend definition. Envoy allows configuring only 1 backend, so the natural way of representing that would be just one object. Unfortunately due to the reasons explained in MADR 009-tracing-policy this has to be a one element array for now. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--default--backends))
- `sampling` (Attributes) Sampling configuration. Sampling is the process by which a decision is made on whether to process/export a span or not. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--default--sampling))
- `tags` (Attributes List) Custom tags configuration. You can add custom tags to traces based on headers or literal values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--default--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--default--backends"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.default.backends`

Read-Only:

- `datadog` (Attributes) Datadog backend configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--default--backends--datadog))
- `open_telemetry` (Attributes) OpenTelemetry backend configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--default--backends--open_telemetry))
- `type` (String)
- `zipkin` (Attributes) Zipkin backend configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--default--backends--zipkin))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--default--backends--datadog"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.default.backends.zipkin`

Read-Only:

- `split_service` (Boolean) Determines if datadog service name should be split based on traffic direction and destination. For example, with 'splitService: true' and a 'backend' service that communicates with a couple of databases, you would get service names like 'backend_INBOUND', 'backend_OUTBOUND_db1', and 'backend_OUTBOUND_db2' in Datadog. Default: false
- `url` (String) Address of Datadog collector, only host and port are allowed (no paths, fragments etc.)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--default--backends--open_telemetry"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.default.backends.zipkin`

Read-Only:

- `endpoint` (String) Address of OpenTelemetry collector.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--default--backends--zipkin"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.default.backends.zipkin`

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String) Version of the API. values: httpJson, httpProto. Default: httpJson see https://github.com/envoyproxy/envoy/blob/v1.22.0/api/envoy/config/trace/v3/zipkin.proto#L66
- `shared_span_context` (Boolean) Determines whether client and server spans will share the same span context. Default: true. https://github.com/envoyproxy/envoy/blob/v1.22.0/api/envoy/config/trace/v3/zipkin.proto#L63
- `trace_id128bit` (Boolean) Generate 128bit traces. Default: false
- `url` (String) Address of Zipkin collector.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--default--sampling"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.default.sampling`

Read-Only:

- `client` (String) Target percentage of requests that will be force traced if the 'x-client-trace-id' header is set. Default: 100% Mirror of client_sampling in Envoy https://github.com/envoyproxy/envoy/blob/v1.22.0/api/envoy/config/filter/network/http_connection_manager/v2/http_connection_manager.proto#L127-L133 Either int or decimal represented as string.
- `overall` (String) Target percentage of requests will be traced after all other sampling checks have been applied (client, force tracing, random sampling). This field functions as an upper limit on the total configured sampling rate. For instance, setting client_sampling to 100% but overall_sampling to 1% will result in only 1% of client requests with the appropriate headers to be force traced. Default: 100% Mirror of overall_sampling in Envoy https://github.com/envoyproxy/envoy/blob/v1.22.0/api/envoy/config/filter/network/http_connection_manager/v2/http_connection_manager.proto#L142-L150 Either int or decimal represented as string.
- `random` (String) Target percentage of requests that will be randomly selected for trace generation, if not requested by the client or not forced. Default: 100% Mirror of random_sampling in Envoy https://github.com/envoyproxy/envoy/blob/v1.22.0/api/envoy/config/filter/network/http_connection_manager/v2/http_connection_manager.proto#L135-L140 Either int or decimal represented as string.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--default--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.default.tags`

Read-Only:

- `header` (Attributes) Tag taken from a header. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--default--tags--header))
- `literal` (String) Tag taken from literal value.
- `name` (String) Name of the tag.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--default--tags--header"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.default.tags.name`

Read-Only:

- `default` (String) Default value to use if header is missing. If the default is missing and there is no value the tag will not be included.
- `name` (String) Name of the header.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--target_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.target_ref`

Read-Only:

- `kind` (String) Kind of the referenced resource
- `mesh` (String) Mesh is reserved for future use to identify cross mesh resources.
- `name` (String) Name of the referenced resource. Can only be used with kinds: 'MeshService', 'MeshServiceSubset' and 'MeshGatewayRoute'
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags used to select a subset of proxies by tags. Can only be used with kinds 'MeshSubset' and 'MeshServiceSubset'
