---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_kuma_io_mesh_traffic_permission_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "kuma.io"
description: |-
  
---

# k8s_kuma_io_mesh_traffic_permission_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_kuma_io_mesh_traffic_permission_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) Spec is the specification of the Kuma MeshTrafficPermission resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `target_ref` (Attributes) TargetRef is a reference to the resource the policy takes an effect on.The resource could be either a real store object or virtual resourcedefined inplace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--target_ref))

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes List) From list makes a match between clients and corresponding configurations (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--target_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.target_ref`

Optional:

- `kind` (String) Kind of the referenced resource
- `mesh` (String) Mesh is reserved for future use to identify cross mesh resources.
- `name` (String) Name of the referenced resource. Can only be used with kinds: 'MeshService','MeshServiceSubset' and 'MeshGatewayRoute'
- `proxy_types` (List of String) ProxyTypes specifies the data plane types that are subject to the policy. When not specified,all data plane types are targeted by the policy.
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags used to select a subset of proxies by tags. Can only be used with kinds'MeshSubset' and 'MeshServiceSubset'


<a id="nestedatt--spec--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.from`

Required:

- `target_ref` (Attributes) TargetRef is a reference to the resource that represents a group ofclients. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--from--target_ref))

Optional:

- `default` (Attributes) Default is a configuration specific to the group of clients referenced in'targetRef' (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--from--default))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--from--target_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.from.target_ref`

Optional:

- `kind` (String) Kind of the referenced resource
- `mesh` (String) Mesh is reserved for future use to identify cross mesh resources.
- `name` (String) Name of the referenced resource. Can only be used with kinds: 'MeshService','MeshServiceSubset' and 'MeshGatewayRoute'
- `proxy_types` (List of String) ProxyTypes specifies the data plane types that are subject to the policy. When not specified,all data plane types are targeted by the policy.
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags used to select a subset of proxies by tags. Can only be used with kinds'MeshSubset' and 'MeshServiceSubset'


<a id="nestedatt--spec--from--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.from.default`

Optional:

- `action` (String) Action defines a behavior for the specified group of clients:
