---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_kuma_io_mesh_trace_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "kuma.io"
description: |-
  
---

# k8s_kuma_io_mesh_trace_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_kuma_io_mesh_trace_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) Spec is the specification of the Kuma MeshTrace resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `target_ref` (Attributes) TargetRef is a reference to the resource the policy takes an effect on.The resource could be either a real store object or virtual resourcedefined inplace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--target_ref))

Optional:

- `default` (Attributes) MeshTrace configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--default))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--target_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.target_ref`

Optional:

- `kind` (String) Kind of the referenced resource
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels are used to select group of MeshServices that match labels. Either Labels orName and Namespace can be used.
- `mesh` (String) Mesh is reserved for future use to identify cross mesh resources.
- `name` (String) Name of the referenced resource. Can only be used with kinds: 'MeshService','MeshServiceSubset' and 'MeshGatewayRoute'
- `namespace` (String) Namespace specifies the namespace of target resource. If empty only resources in policy namespacewill be targeted.
- `proxy_types` (List of String) ProxyTypes specifies the data plane types that are subject to the policy. When not specified,all data plane types are targeted by the policy.
- `section_name` (String) SectionName is used to target specific section of resource.For example, you can target port from MeshService.ports[] by its name. Only traffic to this port will be affected.
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags used to select a subset of proxies by tags. Can only be used with kinds'MeshSubset' and 'MeshServiceSubset'


<a id="nestedatt--spec--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.default`

Optional:

- `backends` (Attributes List) A one element array of backend definition.Envoy allows configuring only 1 backend, so the natural way ofrepresenting that would be just one object. Unfortunately due to thereasons explained in MADR 009-tracing-policy this has to be a one elementarray for now. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--default--backends))
- `sampling` (Attributes) Sampling configuration.Sampling is the process by which a decision is made on whether toprocess/export a span or not. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--default--sampling))
- `tags` (Attributes List) Custom tags configuration. You can add custom tags to traces based onheaders or literal values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--default--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--default--backends"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.default.backends`

Required:

- `type` (String)

Optional:

- `datadog` (Attributes) Datadog backend configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--default--backends--datadog))
- `open_telemetry` (Attributes) OpenTelemetry backend configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--default--backends--open_telemetry))
- `zipkin` (Attributes) Zipkin backend configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--default--backends--zipkin))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--default--backends--datadog"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.default.backends.datadog`

Required:

- `url` (String) Address of Datadog collector, only host and port are allowed (no paths,fragments etc.)

Optional:

- `split_service` (Boolean) Determines if datadog service name should be split based on trafficdirection and destination. For example, with 'splitService: true' and a'backend' service that communicates with a couple of databases, you wouldget service names like 'backend_INBOUND', 'backend_OUTBOUND_db1', and'backend_OUTBOUND_db2' in Datadog.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--default--backends--open_telemetry"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.default.backends.open_telemetry`

Required:

- `endpoint` (String) Address of OpenTelemetry collector.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--default--backends--zipkin"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.default.backends.zipkin`

Required:

- `url` (String) Address of Zipkin collector.

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) Version of the API.https://github.com/envoyproxy/envoy/blob/v1.22.0/api/envoy/config/trace/v3/zipkin.proto#L66
- `shared_span_context` (Boolean) Determines whether client and server spans will share the same spancontext.https://github.com/envoyproxy/envoy/blob/v1.22.0/api/envoy/config/trace/v3/zipkin.proto#L63
- `trace_id128bit` (Boolean) Generate 128bit traces.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--default--sampling"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.default.sampling`

Optional:

- `client` (String) Target percentage of requests that will be force traced if the'x-client-trace-id' header is set. Mirror of client_sampling in Envoyhttps://github.com/envoyproxy/envoy/blob/v1.22.0/api/envoy/config/filter/network/http_connection_manager/v2/http_connection_manager.proto#L127-L133Either int or decimal represented as string.
- `overall` (String) Target percentage of requests will be tracedafter all other sampling checks have been applied (client, force tracing,random sampling). This field functions as an upper limit on the totalconfigured sampling rate. For instance, setting client_sampling to 100%but overall_sampling to 1% will result in only 1% of client requests withthe appropriate headers to be force traced. Mirror ofoverall_sampling in Envoyhttps://github.com/envoyproxy/envoy/blob/v1.22.0/api/envoy/config/filter/network/http_connection_manager/v2/http_connection_manager.proto#L142-L150Either int or decimal represented as string.
- `random` (String) Target percentage of requests that will be randomly selected for tracegeneration, if not requested by the client or not forced.Mirror of random_sampling in Envoyhttps://github.com/envoyproxy/envoy/blob/v1.22.0/api/envoy/config/filter/network/http_connection_manager/v2/http_connection_manager.proto#L135-L140Either int or decimal represented as string.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--default--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.default.tags`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the tag.

Optional:

- `header` (Attributes) Tag taken from a header. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--default--tags--header))
- `literal` (String) Tag taken from literal value.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--default--tags--header"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.default.tags.header`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the header.

Optional:

- `default` (String) Default value to use if header is missing.If the default is missing and there is no value the tag will not beincluded.
