---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_kuma_io_container_patch_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "kuma.io"
description: |-
  ContainerPatch stores a list of patches to apply to init and sidecar containers.
---

# k8s_kuma_io_container_patch_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

ContainerPatch stores a list of patches to apply to init and sidecar containers.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_kuma_io_container_patch_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `mesh` (String)
- `spec` (Attributes) ContainerPatchSpec specifies the options available for a ContainerPatch (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `init_patch` (Attributes List) InitPatch specifies jsonpatch to apply to an init container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_patch))
- `sidecar_patch` (Attributes List) SidecarPatch specifies jsonpatch to apply to a sidecar container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--sidecar_patch))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_patch"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_patch`

Required:

- `op` (String) Op is a jsonpatch operation string.
- `path` (String) Path is a jsonpatch path string.

Optional:

- `from` (String) From is a jsonpatch from string, used by move and copy operations.
- `value` (String) Value must be a string representing a valid json object used by replace and add operations. String has to be escaped with ' to be valid a json object.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--sidecar_patch"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.sidecar_patch`

Required:

- `op` (String) Op is a jsonpatch operation string.
- `path` (String) Path is a jsonpatch path string.

Optional:

- `from` (String) From is a jsonpatch from string, used by move and copy operations.
- `value` (String) Value must be a string representing a valid json object used by replace and add operations. String has to be escaped with ' to be valid a json object.
