---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_kuma_io_mesh_gateway_instance_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "kuma.io"
description: |-
  MeshGatewayInstance represents a managed instance of a dataplane proxy for a KumaGateway.
---

# k8s_kuma_io_mesh_gateway_instance_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

MeshGatewayInstance represents a managed instance of a dataplane proxy for a KumaGateway.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_kuma_io_mesh_gateway_instance_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) MeshGatewayInstanceSpec specifies the options available for a GatewayDataplane. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `pod_template` (Attributes) PodTemplate configures the Pod owned by this config. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_template))
- `replicas` (Number) Replicas is the number of dataplane proxy replicas to create. Fornow this is a fixed number, but in the future it could beautomatically scaled based on metrics.
- `resources` (Attributes) Resources specifies the compute resources for the proxy container.The default can be set in the control plane config. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources))
- `service_template` (Attributes) ServiceTemplate configures the Service owned by this config. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--service_template))
- `service_type` (String) ServiceType specifies the type of managed Service that will becreated to expose the dataplane proxies to traffic from outsidethe cluster. The ports to expose will be taken from the matching Gatewayresource. If there is no matching Gateway, the managed Service willbe deleted.
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags specifies the Kuma tags that are propagated to the manageddataplane proxies. These tags should not include 'kuma.io/service' tagsince is auto-generated, and should match exactly one Gatewayresource.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_template`

Optional:

- `metadata` (Attributes) Metadata holds metadata configuration for a Service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_template--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) Spec holds some customizable fields of a Pod. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_template--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_template--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_template.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations holds annotations to be set on an object.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels holds labels to be set on an objects.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_template--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_template.spec`

Optional:

- `container` (Attributes) Container corresponds to PodSpec.Container (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_template--spec--container))
- `security_context` (Attributes) PodSecurityContext corresponds to PodSpec.SecurityContext (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_template--spec--security_context))
- `service_account_name` (String) ServiceAccountName corresponds to PodSpec.ServiceAccountName.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_template--spec--container"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_template.spec.container`

Optional:

- `security_context` (Attributes) ContainerSecurityContext corresponds to PodSpec.Container.SecurityContext (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_template--spec--container--security_context))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_template--spec--container--security_context"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_template.spec.container.security_context`

Optional:

- `read_only_root_filesystem` (Boolean) ReadOnlyRootFilesystem corresponds to PodSpec.Container.SecurityContext.ReadOnlyRootFilesystem



<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_template--spec--security_context"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_template.spec.security_context`

Optional:

- `fs_group` (Number) FSGroup corresponds to PodSpec.SecurityContext.FSGroup




<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims,that are used by this container.This is an alpha field and requires enabling theDynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required.If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified,otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources.claims`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims ofthe Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource availableinside a container.

Optional:

- `request` (String) Request is the name chosen for a request in the referenced claim.If empty, everything from the claim is made available, otherwiseonly the result of this request.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--service_template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.service_template`

Optional:

- `metadata` (Attributes) Metadata holds metadata configuration for a Service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--service_template--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) Spec holds some customizable fields of a Service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--service_template--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--service_template--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.service_template.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations holds annotations to be set on an object.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels holds labels to be set on an objects.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--service_template--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.service_template.spec`

Optional:

- `load_balancer_ip` (String) LoadBalancerIP corresponds to ServiceSpec.LoadBalancerIP.
