---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_kuma_io_mesh_health_check_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "kuma.io"
description: |-
  
---

# k8s_kuma_io_mesh_health_check_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_kuma_io_mesh_health_check_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) Spec is the specification of the Kuma MeshHealthCheck resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `target_ref` (Attributes) TargetRef is a reference to the resource the policy takes an effect on.The resource could be either a real store object or virtual resourcedefined inplace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--target_ref))

Optional:

- `to` (Attributes List) To list makes a match between the consumed services and corresponding configurations (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--to))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--target_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.target_ref`

Optional:

- `kind` (String) Kind of the referenced resource
- `mesh` (String) Mesh is reserved for future use to identify cross mesh resources.
- `name` (String) Name of the referenced resource. Can only be used with kinds: 'MeshService','MeshServiceSubset' and 'MeshGatewayRoute'
- `proxy_types` (List of String) ProxyTypes specifies the data plane types that are subject to the policy. When not specified,all data plane types are targeted by the policy.
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags used to select a subset of proxies by tags. Can only be used with kinds'MeshSubset' and 'MeshServiceSubset'


<a id="nestedatt--spec--to"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.to`

Required:

- `target_ref` (Attributes) TargetRef is a reference to the resource that represents a group ofdestinations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--to--target_ref))

Optional:

- `default` (Attributes) Default is a configuration specific to the group of destinations referenced in'targetRef' (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--to--default))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--to--target_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.to.target_ref`

Optional:

- `kind` (String) Kind of the referenced resource
- `mesh` (String) Mesh is reserved for future use to identify cross mesh resources.
- `name` (String) Name of the referenced resource. Can only be used with kinds: 'MeshService','MeshServiceSubset' and 'MeshGatewayRoute'
- `proxy_types` (List of String) ProxyTypes specifies the data plane types that are subject to the policy. When not specified,all data plane types are targeted by the policy.
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags used to select a subset of proxies by tags. Can only be used with kinds'MeshSubset' and 'MeshServiceSubset'


<a id="nestedatt--spec--to--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.to.default`

Optional:

- `always_log_health_check_failures` (Boolean) If set to true, health check failure events will always be logged. If setto false, only the initial health check failure event will be logged. Thedefault value is false.
- `event_log_path` (String) Specifies the path to the file where Envoy can log health check events.If empty, no event log will be written.
- `fail_traffic_on_panic` (Boolean) If set to true, Envoy will not consider any hosts when the cluster is in'panic mode'. Instead, the cluster will fail all requests as if all hostsare unhealthy. This can help avoid potentially overwhelming a failingservice.
- `grpc` (Attributes) GrpcHealthCheck defines gRPC configuration which will instruct the servicethe health check will be made for is a gRPC service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--to--default--grpc))
- `healthy_panic_threshold` (String) Allows to configure panic threshold for Envoy cluster. If not specified,the default is 50%. To disable panic mode, set to 0%.Either int or decimal represented as string.
- `healthy_threshold` (Number) Number of consecutive healthy checks before considering a host healthy.
- `http` (Attributes) HttpHealthCheck defines HTTP configuration which will instruct the servicethe health check will be made for is an HTTP service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--to--default--http))
- `initial_jitter` (String) If specified, Envoy will start health checking after a random time inms between 0 and initialJitter. This only applies to the first healthcheck.
- `interval` (String) Interval between consecutive health checks.
- `interval_jitter` (String) If specified, during every interval Envoy will add IntervalJitter to thewait time.
- `interval_jitter_percent` (Number) If specified, during every interval Envoy will add IntervalJitter *IntervalJitterPercent / 100 to the wait time. If IntervalJitter andIntervalJitterPercent are both set, both of them will be used toincrease the wait time.
- `no_traffic_interval` (String) The 'no traffic interval' is a special health check interval that is usedwhen a cluster has never had traffic routed to it. This lower intervalallows cluster information to be kept up to date, without sending apotentially large amount of active health checking traffic for no reason.Once a cluster has been used for traffic routing, Envoy will shift backto using the standard health check interval that is defined. Note thatthis interval takes precedence over any other. The default value for 'notraffic interval' is 60 seconds.
- `reuse_connection` (Boolean) Reuse health check connection between health checks. Default is true.
- `tcp` (Attributes) TcpHealthCheck defines configuration for specifying bytes to send andexpected response during the health check (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--to--default--tcp))
- `timeout` (String) Maximum time to wait for a health check response.
- `unhealthy_threshold` (Number) Number of consecutive unhealthy checks before considering a hostunhealthy.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--to--default--grpc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.to.default.unhealthy_threshold`

Optional:

- `authority` (String) The value of the :authority header in the gRPC health check request,by default name of the cluster this health check is associated with
- `disabled` (Boolean) If true the GrpcHealthCheck is disabled
- `service_name` (String) Service name parameter which will be sent to gRPC service


<a id="nestedatt--spec--to--default--http"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.to.default.unhealthy_threshold`

Optional:

- `disabled` (Boolean) If true the HttpHealthCheck is disabled
- `expected_statuses` (List of String) List of HTTP response statuses which are considered healthy
- `path` (String) The HTTP path which will be requested during the health check(ie. /health)
- `request_headers_to_add` (Attributes) The list of HTTP headers which should be added to each health checkrequest (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--to--default--unhealthy_threshold--request_headers_to_add))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--to--default--unhealthy_threshold--request_headers_to_add"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.to.default.unhealthy_threshold.request_headers_to_add`

Optional:

- `add` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--to--default--unhealthy_threshold--request_headers_to_add--add))
- `set` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--to--default--unhealthy_threshold--request_headers_to_add--set))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--to--default--unhealthy_threshold--request_headers_to_add--add"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.to.default.unhealthy_threshold.request_headers_to_add.set`

Required:

- `name` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--to--default--unhealthy_threshold--request_headers_to_add--set"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.to.default.unhealthy_threshold.request_headers_to_add.set`

Required:

- `name` (String)
- `value` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--spec--to--default--tcp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.to.default.unhealthy_threshold`

Optional:

- `disabled` (Boolean) If true the TcpHealthCheck is disabled
- `receive` (List of String) List of Base64 encoded blocks of strings expected as a response. When checking the response,'fuzzy' matching is performed such that each block must be found, andin the order specified, but not necessarily contiguous.If not provided or empty, checks will be performed as 'connect only' and be marked as successful when TCP connection is successfully established.
- `send` (String) Base64 encoded content of the message which will be sent during the health check to the target
