---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_kustomize_toolkit_fluxcd_io_kustomization_v1beta1 Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "kustomize.toolkit.fluxcd.io"
description: |-
  Kustomization is the Schema for the kustomizations API.
---

# k8s_kustomize_toolkit_fluxcd_io_kustomization_v1beta1 (Data Source)

Kustomization is the Schema for the kustomizations API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_kustomize_toolkit_fluxcd_io_kustomization_v1beta1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) The API group of the requested resource.
- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `kind` (String) The type of the requested resource.
- `spec` (Attributes) KustomizationSpec defines the desired state of a kustomization. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Read-Only:

- `decryption` (Attributes) Decrypt Kubernetes secrets before applying them on the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--decryption))
- `depends_on` (Attributes List) DependsOn may contain a meta.NamespacedObjectReference slice with references to Kustomization resources that must be ready before this Kustomization can be reconciled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--depends_on))
- `force` (Boolean) Force instructs the controller to recreate resources when patching fails due to an immutable field change.
- `health_checks` (Attributes List) A list of resources to be included in the health assessment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--health_checks))
- `images` (Attributes List) Images is a list of (image name, new name, new tag or digest) for changing image names, tags or digests. This can also be achieved with a patch, but this operator is simpler to specify. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--images))
- `interval` (String) The interval at which to reconcile the Kustomization.
- `kube_config` (Attributes) The KubeConfig for reconciling the Kustomization on a remote cluster. When specified, KubeConfig takes precedence over ServiceAccountName. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--kube_config))
- `patches` (Attributes List) Strategic merge and JSON patches, defined as inline YAML objects, capable of targeting objects based on kind, label and annotation selectors. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--patches))
- `patches_json6902` (Attributes List) JSON 6902 patches, defined as inline YAML objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--patches_json6902))
- `patches_strategic_merge` (List of String) Strategic merge patches, defined as inline YAML objects.
- `path` (String) Path to the directory containing the kustomization.yaml file, or the set of plain YAMLs a kustomization.yaml should be generated for. Defaults to 'None', which translates to the root path of the SourceRef.
- `post_build` (Attributes) PostBuild describes which actions to perform on the YAML manifest generated by building the kustomize overlay. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--post_build))
- `prune` (Boolean) Prune enables garbage collection.
- `retry_interval` (String) The interval at which to retry a previously failed reconciliation. When not specified, the controller uses the KustomizationSpec.Interval value to retry failures.
- `service_account_name` (String) The name of the Kubernetes service account to impersonate when reconciling this Kustomization.
- `source_ref` (Attributes) Reference of the source where the kustomization file is. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--source_ref))
- `suspend` (Boolean) This flag tells the controller to suspend subsequent kustomize executions, it does not apply to already started executions. Defaults to false.
- `target_namespace` (String) TargetNamespace sets or overrides the namespace in the kustomization.yaml file.
- `timeout` (String) Timeout for validation, apply and health checking operations. Defaults to 'Interval' duration.
- `validation` (String) Validate the Kubernetes objects before applying them on the cluster. The validation strategy can be 'client' (local dry-run), 'server' (APIServer dry-run) or 'none'. When 'Force' is 'true', validation will fallback to 'client' if set to 'server' because server-side validation is not supported in this scenario.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--decryption"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.decryption`

Read-Only:

- `provider` (String) Provider is the name of the decryption engine.
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) The secret name containing the private OpenPGP keys used for decryption. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--decryption--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--decryption--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.decryption.secret_ref`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--depends_on"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.depends_on`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent, when not specified it acts as LocalObjectReference.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--health_checks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.health_checks`

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent, if not specified the Kubernetes preferred version will be used.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent.
- `name` (String) Name of the referent.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent, when not specified it acts as LocalObjectReference.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--images"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.images`

Read-Only:

- `digest` (String) Digest is the value used to replace the original image tag. If digest is present NewTag value is ignored.
- `name` (String) Name is a tag-less image name.
- `new_name` (String) NewName is the value used to replace the original name.
- `new_tag` (String) NewTag is the value used to replace the original tag.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--kube_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.kube_config`

Read-Only:

- `secret_ref` (Attributes) SecretRef holds the name to a secret that contains a 'value' key with the kubeconfig file as the value. It must be in the same namespace as the Kustomization. It is recommended that the kubeconfig is self-contained, and the secret is regularly updated if credentials such as a cloud-access-token expire. Cloud specific 'cmd-path' auth helpers will not function without adding binaries and credentials to the Pod that is responsible for reconciling the Kustomization. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--kube_config--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--kube_config--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.kube_config.secret_ref`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--patches"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.patches`

Read-Only:

- `patch` (String) Patch contains an inline StrategicMerge patch or an inline JSON6902 patch with an array of operation objects.
- `target` (Attributes) Target points to the resources that the patch document should be applied to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--patches--target))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--patches--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.patches.target`

Read-Only:

- `annotation_selector` (String) AnnotationSelector is a string that follows the label selection expression https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/#api It matches with the resource annotations.
- `group` (String) Group is the API group to select resources from. Together with Version and Kind it is capable of unambiguously identifying and/or selecting resources. https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/design-proposals/api-machinery/api-group.md
- `kind` (String) Kind of the API Group to select resources from. Together with Group and Version it is capable of unambiguously identifying and/or selecting resources. https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/design-proposals/api-machinery/api-group.md
- `label_selector` (String) LabelSelector is a string that follows the label selection expression https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/#api It matches with the resource labels.
- `name` (String) Name to match resources with.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace to select resources from.
- `version` (String) Version of the API Group to select resources from. Together with Group and Kind it is capable of unambiguously identifying and/or selecting resources. https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/design-proposals/api-machinery/api-group.md



<a id="nestedatt--spec--patches_json6902"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.patches_json6902`

Read-Only:

- `patch` (Attributes List) Patch contains the JSON6902 patch document with an array of operation objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--patches_json6902--patch))
- `target` (Attributes) Target points to the resources that the patch document should be applied to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--patches_json6902--target))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--patches_json6902--patch"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.patches_json6902.patch`

Read-Only:

- `from` (String) From contains a JSON-pointer value that references a location within the target document where the operation is performed. The meaning of the value depends on the value of Op, and is NOT taken into account by all operations.
- `op` (String) Op indicates the operation to perform. Its value MUST be one of 'add', 'remove', 'replace', 'move', 'copy', or 'test'. https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6902#section-4
- `path` (String) Path contains the JSON-pointer value that references a location within the target document where the operation is performed. The meaning of the value depends on the value of Op.
- `value` (Map of String) Value contains a valid JSON structure. The meaning of the value depends on the value of Op, and is NOT taken into account by all operations.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--patches_json6902--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.patches_json6902.target`

Read-Only:

- `annotation_selector` (String) AnnotationSelector is a string that follows the label selection expression https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/#api It matches with the resource annotations.
- `group` (String) Group is the API group to select resources from. Together with Version and Kind it is capable of unambiguously identifying and/or selecting resources. https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/design-proposals/api-machinery/api-group.md
- `kind` (String) Kind of the API Group to select resources from. Together with Group and Version it is capable of unambiguously identifying and/or selecting resources. https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/design-proposals/api-machinery/api-group.md
- `label_selector` (String) LabelSelector is a string that follows the label selection expression https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/#api It matches with the resource labels.
- `name` (String) Name to match resources with.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace to select resources from.
- `version` (String) Version of the API Group to select resources from. Together with Group and Kind it is capable of unambiguously identifying and/or selecting resources. https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/design-proposals/api-machinery/api-group.md



<a id="nestedatt--spec--post_build"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.post_build`

Read-Only:

- `substitute` (Map of String) Substitute holds a map of key/value pairs. The variables defined in your YAML manifests that match any of the keys defined in the map will be substituted with the set value. Includes support for bash string replacement functions e.g. ${var:=default}, ${var:position} and ${var/substring/replacement}.
- `substitute_from` (Attributes List) SubstituteFrom holds references to ConfigMaps and Secrets containing the variables and their values to be substituted in the YAML manifests. The ConfigMap and the Secret data keys represent the var names and they must match the vars declared in the manifests for the substitution to happen. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--post_build--substitute_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--post_build--substitute_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.post_build.substitute_from`

Read-Only:

- `kind` (String) Kind of the values referent, valid values are ('Secret', 'ConfigMap').
- `name` (String) Name of the values referent. Should reside in the same namespace as the referring resource.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--source_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.source_ref`

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent
- `name` (String) Name of the referent
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent, defaults to the Kustomization namespace
