---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_kyverno_io_global_context_entry_v2alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "kyverno.io"
description: |-
  GlobalContextEntry declares resources to be cached.
---

# k8s_kyverno_io_global_context_entry_v2alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

GlobalContextEntry declares resources to be cached.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_kyverno_io_global_context_entry_v2alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"
  }
  spec = {}
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) Spec declares policy exception behaviors. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `api_call` (Attributes) Stores results from an API call which will be cached.Mutually exclusive with KubernetesResource.This can be used to make calls to external (non-Kubernetes API server) services.It can also be used to make calls to the Kubernetes API server in such cases:1. A POST is needed to create a resource.2. Finer-grained control is needed. Example: To restrict the number of resources cached. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--api_call))
- `kubernetes_resource` (Attributes) Stores a list of Kubernetes resources which will be cached.Mutually exclusive with APICall. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--kubernetes_resource))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--api_call"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.api_call`

Optional:

- `data` (Attributes List) The data object specifies the POST data sent to the server.Only applicable when the method field is set to POST. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--api_call--data))
- `method` (String) Method is the HTTP request type (GET or POST). Defaults to GET.
- `refresh_interval` (String) RefreshInterval defines the interval in duration at which to poll the APICall.The duration is a sequence of decimal numbers, each with optional fraction and a unit suffix,such as '300ms', '1.5h' or '2h45m'. Valid time units are 'ns', 'us' (or 'µs'), 'ms', 's', 'm', 'h'.
- `retry_limit` (Number) RetryLimit defines the number of times the APICall should be retried in case of failure.
- `service` (Attributes) Service is an API call to a JSON web service.This is used for non-Kubernetes API server calls.It's mutually exclusive with the URLPath field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--api_call--service))
- `url_path` (String) URLPath is the URL path to be used in the HTTP GET or POST request to theKubernetes API server (e.g. '/api/v1/namespaces' or  '/apis/apps/v1/deployments').The format required is the same format used by the 'kubectl get --raw' command.See https://kyverno.io/docs/writing-policies/external-data-sources/#variables-from-kubernetes-api-server-callsfor details.It's mutually exclusive with the Service field.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--api_call--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.api_call.data`

Required:

- `key` (String) Key is a unique identifier for the data value
- `value` (Map of String) Value is the data value


<a id="nestedatt--spec--api_call--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.api_call.service`

Required:

- `url` (String) URL is the JSON web service URL. A typical form is'https://{service}.{namespace}:{port}/{path}'.

Optional:

- `ca_bundle` (String) CABundle is a PEM encoded CA bundle which will be used to validatethe server certificate.
- `headers` (Attributes List) Headers is a list of optional HTTP headers to be included in the request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--api_call--service--headers))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--api_call--service--headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.api_call.service.headers`

Required:

- `key` (String) Key is the header key
- `value` (String) Value is the header value




<a id="nestedatt--spec--kubernetes_resource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.kubernetes_resource`

Required:

- `resource` (String) Resource defines the type of the resource.Requires the pluralized form of the resource kind in lowercase. (Ex., 'deployments')
- `version` (String) Version defines the version of the resource.

Optional:

- `group` (String) Group defines the group of the resource.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace defines the namespace of the resource. Leave empty for cluster scoped resources.If left empty for namespaced resources, all resources from all namespaces will be cached.
