---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_listeners_stackable_tech_pod_listeners_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "listeners.stackable.tech"
description: |-
  Auto-generated derived type for PodListenersSpec via 'CustomResource'
---

# k8s_listeners_stackable_tech_pod_listeners_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

Auto-generated derived type for PodListenersSpec via 'CustomResource'

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_listeners_stackable_tech_pod_listeners_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
  spec = {
    listeners = {
      scope = "Cluster"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) Informs users about Listeners that are bound by a given Pod. This is not expected to be created or modified by users. It will be created by the Stackable Listener Operator when mounting the listener volume, and is always named 'pod-{pod.metadata.uid}'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `listeners` (Attributes) All Listeners currently bound by the Pod. Indexed by Volume name (not PersistentVolume or PersistentVolumeClaim). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--listeners))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--listeners"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.listeners`

Required:

- `scope` (String) 'Node' if this address only allows access to Pods hosted on a specific Kubernetes Node, otherwise 'Cluster'.

Optional:

- `ingress_addresses` (Attributes List) Addresses allowing access to this Pod. Compared to 'ingress_addresses' on the Listener status, this list is restricted to addresses that can access this Pod. This field is intended to be equivalent to the files mounted into the Listener volume. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--listeners--ingress_addresses))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--listeners--ingress_addresses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.listeners.ingress_addresses`

Required:

- `address` (String) The hostname or IP address to the Listener.
- `address_type` (String) The type of address ('Hostname' or 'IP').
- `ports` (Map of String) Port mapping table.
