---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_litmuschaos_io_chaos_experiment_v1alpha1 Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "litmuschaos.io"
description: |-
  
---

# k8s_litmuschaos_io_chaos_experiment_v1alpha1 (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_litmuschaos_io_chaos_experiment_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) The API group of the requested resource.
- `description` (Map of String)
- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `kind` (String) The type of the requested resource.
- `spec` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Read-Only:

- `definition` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--definition))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--definition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.definition`

Read-Only:

- `args` (List of String)
- `command` (List of String)
- `config_maps` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--definition--config_maps))
- `env` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--definition--env))
- `host_file_volumes` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--definition--host_file_volumes))
- `host_pid` (Boolean)
- `image` (String)
- `image_pull_policy` (String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `permissions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--definition--permissions))
- `scope` (String)
- `secrets` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--definition--secrets))
- `security_context` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--definition--config_maps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.definition.config_maps`

Read-Only:

- `mount_path` (String)
- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--definition--env"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.definition.env`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the environment variable. Must be a C_IDENTIFIER.
- `value` (String) Variable references $(VAR_NAME) are expanded using the previous defined environment variables in the container and any service environment variables. If a variable cannot be resolved, the reference in the input string will be unchanged. The $(VAR_NAME) syntax can be escaped with a double $$, ie: $$(VAR_NAME). Escaped references will never be expanded, regardless of whether the variable exists or not. Defaults to ''.
- `value_from` (Attributes) Source for the environment variable's value. Cannot be used if value is not empty. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--definition--env--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--definition--env--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.definition.env.value_from`

Read-Only:

- `config_map_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a ConfigMap. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--definition--env--value_from--config_map_key_ref))
- `field_ref` (Attributes) Selects a field of the pod: supports metadata.name, metadata.namespace, metadata.labels, metadata.annotations, spec.nodeName, spec.serviceAccountName, status.hostIP, status.podIP. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--definition--env--value_from--field_ref))
- `resource_field_ref` (Attributes) Selects a resource of the container: only resources limits and requests (limits.cpu, limits.memory, limits.ephemeral-storage, requests.cpu, requests.memory and requests.ephemeral-storage) are currently supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--definition--env--value_from--resource_field_ref))
- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a secret in the pod's namespace (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--definition--env--value_from--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--definition--env--value_from--config_map_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.definition.env.value_from.config_map_key_ref`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key to select.
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the ConfigMap or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--definition--env--value_from--field_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.definition.env.value_from.field_ref`

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String) Version of the schema the FieldPath is written in terms of, defaults to 'v1'.
- `field_path` (String) Path of the field to select in the specified API version.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--definition--env--value_from--resource_field_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.definition.env.value_from.resource_field_ref`

Read-Only:

- `container_name` (String) Container name: required for volumes, optional for env vars
- `divisor` (String) Specifies the output format of the exposed resources, defaults to '1'
- `resource` (String) Required: resource to select


<a id="nestedatt--spec--definition--env--value_from--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.definition.env.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined




<a id="nestedatt--spec--definition--host_file_volumes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.definition.host_file_volumes`

Read-Only:

- `mount_path` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `node_path` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--definition--permissions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.definition.permissions`

Read-Only:

- `api_groups` (List of String)
- `non_resource_urls` (List of String)
- `resource_names` (List of String)
- `resources` (List of String)
- `verbs` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--definition--secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.definition.secrets`

Read-Only:

- `mount_path` (String)
- `name` (String)
