---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_longhorn_io_engine_v1beta2 Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "longhorn.io"
description: |-
  Engine is where Longhorn stores engine object.
---

# k8s_longhorn_io_engine_v1beta2 (Data Source)

Engine is where Longhorn stores engine object.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_longhorn_io_engine_v1beta2" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) The API group of the requested resource.
- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `kind` (String) The type of the requested resource.
- `spec` (Attributes) EngineSpec defines the desired state of the Longhorn engine (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Read-Only:

- `active` (Boolean)
- `backend_store_driver` (String)
- `backup_volume` (String)
- `desire_state` (String)
- `disable_frontend` (Boolean)
- `engine_image` (String)
- `frontend` (String)
- `log_requested` (Boolean)
- `node_id` (String)
- `replica_address_map` (Map of String)
- `requested_backup_restore` (String)
- `requested_data_source` (String)
- `revision_counter_disabled` (Boolean)
- `salvage_requested` (Boolean)
- `unmap_mark_snap_chain_removed_enabled` (Boolean)
- `upgraded_replica_address_map` (Map of String)
- `volume_name` (String)
- `volume_size` (String)
