---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_longhorn_io_replica_v1beta2_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "longhorn.io"
description: |-
  Replica is where Longhorn stores replica object.
---

# k8s_longhorn_io_replica_v1beta2_manifest (Data Source)

Replica is where Longhorn stores replica object.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_longhorn_io_replica_v1beta2_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) ReplicaSpec defines the desired state of the Longhorn replica (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `active` (Boolean)
- `backend_store_driver` (String) Deprecated:Replaced by field 'dataEngine'.
- `backing_image` (String)
- `data_directory_name` (String)
- `data_engine` (String)
- `desire_state` (String)
- `disk_id` (String)
- `disk_path` (String)
- `engine_image` (String) Deprecated: Replaced by field 'image'.
- `engine_name` (String)
- `eviction_requested` (Boolean)
- `failed_at` (String) FailedAt is set when a running replica fails or when a running engine is unable to use a replica for any reason.FailedAt indicates the time the failure occurred. When FailedAt is set, a replica is likely to have useful(though possibly stale) data. A replica with FailedAt set must be rebuilt from a non-failed replica (or it canbe used in a salvage if all replicas are failed). FailedAt is cleared before a rebuild or salvage. FailedAt maybe later than the corresponding entry in an engine's replicaTransitionTimeMap because it is set when the volumecontroller acknowledges the change.
- `hard_node_affinity` (String)
- `healthy_at` (String) HealthyAt is set the first time a replica becomes read/write in an engine after creation or rebuild. HealthyAtindicates the time the last successful rebuild occurred. When HealthyAt is set, a replica is likely to haveuseful (though possibly stale) data. HealthyAt is cleared before a rebuild. HealthyAt may be later than thecorresponding entry in an engine's replicaTransitionTimeMap because it is set when the volume controlleracknowledges the change.
- `image` (String)
- `last_failed_at` (String) LastFailedAt is always set at the same time as FailedAt. Unlike FailedAt, LastFailedAt is never cleared.LastFailedAt is not a reliable indicator of the state of a replica's data. For example, a replica withLastFailedAt may already be healthy and in use again. However, because it is never cleared, it can be compared toLastHealthyAt to help prevent dangerous replica deletion in some corner cases. LastFailedAt may be later than thecorresponding entry in an engine's replicaTransitionTimeMap because it is set when the volume controlleracknowledges the change.
- `last_healthy_at` (String) LastHealthyAt is set every time a replica becomes read/write in an engine. Unlike HealthyAt, LastHealthyAt isnever cleared. LastHealthyAt is not a reliable indicator of the state of a replica's data. For example, areplica with LastHealthyAt set may be in the middle of a rebuild. However, because it is never cleared, it can becompared to LastFailedAt to help prevent dangerous replica deletion in some corner cases. LastHealthyAt may belater than the corresponding entry in an engine's replicaTransitionTimeMap because it is set when the volumecontroller acknowledges the change.
- `log_requested` (Boolean)
- `node_id` (String)
- `rebuild_retry_count` (Number)
- `revision_counter_disabled` (Boolean)
- `salvage_requested` (Boolean)
- `snapshot_max_count` (Number)
- `snapshot_max_size` (String)
- `unmap_mark_disk_chain_removed_enabled` (Boolean)
- `volume_name` (String)
- `volume_size` (String)
