---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_machineconfiguration_openshift_io_kubelet_config_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "machineconfiguration.openshift.io"
description: |-
  KubeletConfig describes a customized Kubelet configuration.  Compatibility level 1: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 12 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).
---

# k8s_machineconfiguration_openshift_io_kubelet_config_v1_manifest (Data Source)

KubeletConfig describes a customized Kubelet configuration.  Compatibility level 1: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 12 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_machineconfiguration_openshift_io_kubelet_config_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) KubeletConfigSpec defines the desired state of KubeletConfig (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `auto_sizing_reserved` (Boolean)
- `kubelet_config` (Map of String) kubeletConfig fields are defined in kubernetes upstream. Please refer to the types defined in the version/commit used by OpenShift of the upstream kubernetes. It's important to note that, since the fields of the kubelet configuration are directly fetched from upstream the validation of those values is handled directly by the kubelet. Please refer to the upstream version of the relevant kubernetes for the valid values of these fields. Invalid values of the kubelet configuration fields may render cluster nodes unusable.
- `log_level` (Number)
- `machine_config_pool_selector` (Attributes) MachineConfigPoolSelector selects which pools the KubeletConfig shoud apply to. A nil selector will result in no pools being selected. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--machine_config_pool_selector))
- `tls_security_profile` (Attributes) If unset, the default is based on the apiservers.config.openshift.io/cluster resource. Note that only Old and Intermediate profiles are currently supported, and the maximum available minTLSVersion is VersionTLS12. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tls_security_profile))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--machine_config_pool_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.machine_config_pool_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--machine_config_pool_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--machine_config_pool_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.machine_config_pool_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--tls_security_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tls_security_profile`

Optional:

- `custom` (Attributes) custom is a user-defined TLS security profile. Be extremely careful using a custom profile as invalid configurations can be catastrophic. An example custom profile looks like this:  ciphers:  - ECDHE-ECDSA-CHACHA20-POLY1305  - ECDHE-RSA-CHACHA20-POLY1305  - ECDHE-RSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256  - ECDHE-ECDSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256  minTLSVersion: VersionTLS11 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tls_security_profile--custom))
- `intermediate` (Map of String) intermediate is a TLS security profile based on:  https://wiki.mozilla.org/Security/Server_Side_TLS#Intermediate_compatibility_.28recommended.29  and looks like this (yaml):  ciphers:  - TLS_AES_128_GCM_SHA256  - TLS_AES_256_GCM_SHA384  - TLS_CHACHA20_POLY1305_SHA256  - ECDHE-ECDSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256  - ECDHE-RSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256  - ECDHE-ECDSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384  - ECDHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384  - ECDHE-ECDSA-CHACHA20-POLY1305  - ECDHE-RSA-CHACHA20-POLY1305  - DHE-RSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256  - DHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384  minTLSVersion: VersionTLS12
- `modern` (Map of String) modern is a TLS security profile based on:  https://wiki.mozilla.org/Security/Server_Side_TLS#Modern_compatibility  and looks like this (yaml):  ciphers:  - TLS_AES_128_GCM_SHA256  - TLS_AES_256_GCM_SHA384  - TLS_CHACHA20_POLY1305_SHA256  minTLSVersion: VersionTLS13
- `old` (Map of String) old is a TLS security profile based on:  https://wiki.mozilla.org/Security/Server_Side_TLS#Old_backward_compatibility  and looks like this (yaml):  ciphers:  - TLS_AES_128_GCM_SHA256  - TLS_AES_256_GCM_SHA384  - TLS_CHACHA20_POLY1305_SHA256  - ECDHE-ECDSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256  - ECDHE-RSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256  - ECDHE-ECDSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384  - ECDHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384  - ECDHE-ECDSA-CHACHA20-POLY1305  - ECDHE-RSA-CHACHA20-POLY1305  - DHE-RSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256  - DHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384  - DHE-RSA-CHACHA20-POLY1305  - ECDHE-ECDSA-AES128-SHA256  - ECDHE-RSA-AES128-SHA256  - ECDHE-ECDSA-AES128-SHA  - ECDHE-RSA-AES128-SHA  - ECDHE-ECDSA-AES256-SHA384  - ECDHE-RSA-AES256-SHA384  - ECDHE-ECDSA-AES256-SHA  - ECDHE-RSA-AES256-SHA  - DHE-RSA-AES128-SHA256  - DHE-RSA-AES256-SHA256  - AES128-GCM-SHA256  - AES256-GCM-SHA384  - AES128-SHA256  - AES256-SHA256  - AES128-SHA  - AES256-SHA  - DES-CBC3-SHA  minTLSVersion: VersionTLS10
- `type` (String) type is one of Old, Intermediate, Modern or Custom. Custom provides the ability to specify individual TLS security profile parameters. Old, Intermediate and Modern are TLS security profiles based on:  https://wiki.mozilla.org/Security/Server_Side_TLS#Recommended_configurations  The profiles are intent based, so they may change over time as new ciphers are developed and existing ciphers are found to be insecure.  Depending on precisely which ciphers are available to a process, the list may be reduced.  Note that the Modern profile is currently not supported because it is not yet well adopted by common software libraries.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--tls_security_profile--custom"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tls_security_profile.custom`

Optional:

- `ciphers` (List of String) ciphers is used to specify the cipher algorithms that are negotiated during the TLS handshake.  Operators may remove entries their operands do not support.  For example, to use DES-CBC3-SHA  (yaml):  ciphers: - DES-CBC3-SHA
- `min_tls_version` (String) minTLSVersion is used to specify the minimal version of the TLS protocol that is negotiated during the TLS handshake. For example, to use TLS versions 1.1, 1.2 and 1.3 (yaml):  minTLSVersion: VersionTLS11  NOTE: currently the highest minTLSVersion allowed is VersionTLS12
