---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_machine_openshift_io_machine_health_check_v1beta1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "machine.openshift.io"
description: |-
  MachineHealthCheck is the Schema for the machinehealthchecks API Compatibility level 2: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 9 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).
---

# k8s_machine_openshift_io_machine_health_check_v1beta1_manifest (Data Source)

MachineHealthCheck is the Schema for the machinehealthchecks API Compatibility level 2: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 9 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_machine_openshift_io_machine_health_check_v1beta1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) Specification of machine health check policy (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `max_unhealthy` (String) Any farther remediation is only allowed if at most 'MaxUnhealthy' machines selected by 'selector' are not healthy. Expects either a postive integer value or a percentage value. Percentage values must be positive whole numbers and are capped at 100%. Both 0 and 0% are valid and will block all remediation.
- `node_startup_timeout` (String) Machines older than this duration without a node will be considered to have failed and will be remediated. To prevent Machines without Nodes from being removed, disable startup checks by setting this value explicitly to '0'. Expects an unsigned duration string of decimal numbers each with optional fraction and a unit suffix, eg '300ms', '1.5h' or '2h45m'. Valid time units are 'ns', 'us' (or 'µs'), 'ms', 's', 'm', 'h'.
- `remediation_template` (Attributes) RemediationTemplate is a reference to a remediation template provided by an infrastructure provider.  This field is completely optional, when filled, the MachineHealthCheck controller creates a new object from the template referenced and hands off remediation of the machine to a controller that lives outside of Machine API Operator. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--remediation_template))
- `selector` (Attributes) Label selector to match machines whose health will be exercised. Note: An empty selector will match all machines. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--selector))
- `unhealthy_conditions` (Attributes List) UnhealthyConditions contains a list of the conditions that determine whether a node is considered unhealthy.  The conditions are combined in a logical OR, i.e. if any of the conditions is met, the node is unhealthy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--unhealthy_conditions))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--remediation_template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.remediation_template`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.
- `field_path` (String) If referring to a piece of an object instead of an entire object, this string should contain a valid JSON/Go field access statement, such as desiredState.manifest.containers[2]. For example, if the object reference is to a container within a pod, this would take on a value like: 'spec.containers{name}' (where 'name' refers to the name of the container that triggered the event) or if no container name is specified 'spec.containers[2]' (container with index 2 in this pod). This syntax is chosen only to have some well-defined way of referencing a part of an object. TODO: this design is not final and this field is subject to change in the future.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/
- `resource_version` (String) Specific resourceVersion to which this reference is made, if any. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `uid` (String) UID of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#uids


<a id="nestedatt--spec--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--unhealthy_conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.unhealthy_conditions`

Optional:

- `status` (String)
- `timeout` (String) Expects an unsigned duration string of decimal numbers each with optional fraction and a unit suffix, eg '300ms', '1.5h' or '2h45m'. Valid time units are 'ns', 'us' (or 'µs'), 'ms', 's', 'm', 'h'.
- `type` (String)
