---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_machineconfiguration_openshift_io_machine_config_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "machineconfiguration.openshift.io"
description: |-
  MachineConfig defines the configuration for a machine  Compatibility level 1: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 12 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).
---

# k8s_machineconfiguration_openshift_io_machine_config_v1_manifest (Data Source)

MachineConfig defines the configuration for a machine  Compatibility level 1: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 12 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_machineconfiguration_openshift_io_machine_config_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) MachineConfigSpec is the spec for MachineConfig (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `base_os_extensions_container_image` (String) BaseOSExtensionsContainerImage specifies the remote location that will be used to fetch the extensions container matching a new-format OS image
- `config` (Map of String) Config is a Ignition Config object.
- `extensions` (List of String) extensions contains a list of additional features that can be enabled on host
- `fips` (Boolean) fips controls FIPS mode
- `kernel_arguments` (List of String) kernelArguments contains a list of kernel arguments to be added
- `kernel_type` (String) kernelType contains which kernel we want to be running like default (traditional), realtime, 64k-pages (aarch64 only).
- `os_image_url` (String) OSImageURL specifies the remote location that will be used to fetch the OS.
