---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_machineconfiguration_openshift_io_container_runtime_config_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "machineconfiguration.openshift.io"
description: |-
  ContainerRuntimeConfig describes a customized Container Runtime configuration.  Compatibility level 1: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 12 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).
---

# k8s_machineconfiguration_openshift_io_container_runtime_config_v1_manifest (Data Source)

ContainerRuntimeConfig describes a customized Container Runtime configuration.  Compatibility level 1: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 12 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_machineconfiguration_openshift_io_container_runtime_config_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) ContainerRuntimeConfigSpec defines the desired state of ContainerRuntimeConfig (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `container_runtime_config` (Attributes) ContainerRuntimeConfiguration defines the tuneables of the container runtime (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--container_runtime_config))

Optional:

- `machine_config_pool_selector` (Attributes) MachineConfigPoolSelector selects which pools the ContainerRuntimeConfig shoud apply to. A nil selector will result in no pools being selected. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--machine_config_pool_selector))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--container_runtime_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.container_runtime_config`

Optional:

- `default_runtime` (String) defaultRuntime is the name of the OCI runtime to be used as the default.
- `log_level` (String) logLevel specifies the verbosity of the logs based on the level it is set to. Options are fatal, panic, error, warn, info, and debug.
- `log_size_max` (String) logSizeMax specifies the Maximum size allowed for the container log file. Negative numbers indicate that no size limit is imposed. If it is positive, it must be >= 8192 to match/exceed conmon's read buffer.
- `overlay_size` (String) overlaySize specifies the maximum size of a container image. This flag can be used to set quota on the size of container images. (default: 10GB)
- `pids_limit` (Number) pidsLimit specifies the maximum number of processes allowed in a container


<a id="nestedatt--spec--machine_config_pool_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.machine_config_pool_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--machine_config_pool_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--machine_config_pool_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.machine_config_pool_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.
