---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_mariadb_mmontes_io_connection_v1alpha1 Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "mariadb.mmontes.io"
description: |-
  Connection is the Schema for the connections API
---

# k8s_mariadb_mmontes_io_connection_v1alpha1 (Data Source)

Connection is the Schema for the connections API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_mariadb_mmontes_io_connection_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `spec` (Attributes) ConnectionSpec defines the desired state of Connection (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Read-Only:

- `database` (String)
- `health_check` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--health_check))
- `maria_db_ref` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--maria_db_ref))
- `params` (Map of String)
- `password_secret_key_ref` (Attributes) SecretKeySelector selects a key of a Secret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--password_secret_key_ref))
- `secret_name` (String)
- `secret_template` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--secret_template))
- `service_name` (String)
- `username` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--health_check"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.health_check`

Read-Only:

- `interval` (String)
- `retry_interval` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--maria_db_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.maria_db_ref`

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.
- `field_path` (String) If referring to a piece of an object instead of an entire object, this string should contain a valid JSON/Go field access statement, such as desiredState.manifest.containers[2]. For example, if the object reference is to a container within a pod, this would take on a value like: 'spec.containers{name}' (where 'name' refers to the name of the container that triggered the event) or if no container name is specified 'spec.containers[2]' (container with index 2 in this pod). This syntax is chosen only to have some well-defined way of referencing a part of an object. TODO: this design is not final and this field is subject to change in the future.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/
- `resource_version` (String) Specific resourceVersion to which this reference is made, if any. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `uid` (String) UID of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#uids
- `wait_for_it` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--password_secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.password_secret_key_ref`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--secret_template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.secret_template`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `database_key` (String)
- `format` (String)
- `host_key` (String)
- `key` (String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `password_key` (String)
- `port_key` (String)
- `username_key` (String)
