---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_metal3_io_firmware_schema_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "metal3.io"
description: |-
  FirmwareSchema is the Schema for the firmwareschemas API
---

# k8s_metal3_io_firmware_schema_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

FirmwareSchema is the Schema for the firmwareschemas API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_metal3_io_firmware_schema_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) FirmwareSchemaSpec defines the desired state of FirmwareSchema (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `schema` (Attributes) Map of firmware name to schema (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--schema))

Optional:

- `hardware_model` (String) The hardware model associated with this schema
- `hardware_vendor` (String) The hardware vendor associated with this schema

<a id="nestedatt--spec--schema"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.schema`

Optional:

- `allowable_values` (List of String) The allowable value for an Enumeration type setting.
- `attribute_type` (String) The type of setting.
- `lower_bound` (Number) The lowest value for an Integer type setting.
- `max_length` (Number) Maximum length for a String type setting.
- `min_length` (Number) Minimum length for a String type setting.
- `read_only` (Boolean) Whether or not this setting is read only.
- `unique` (Boolean) Whether or not this setting's value is unique to this node, e.g. a serial number.
- `upper_bound` (Number) The highest value for an Integer type setting.
