---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_metal3_io_bare_metal_host_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "metal3.io"
description: |-
  BareMetalHost is the Schema for the baremetalhosts API
---

# k8s_metal3_io_bare_metal_host_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

BareMetalHost is the Schema for the baremetalhosts API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_metal3_io_bare_metal_host_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) BareMetalHostSpec defines the desired state of BareMetalHost. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `online` (Boolean) Should the host be powered on? Changing this value will trigger a change in power state of the host.

Optional:

- `architecture` (String) CPU architecture of the host, e.g. 'x86_64' or 'aarch64'. If unset, eventually populated by inspection.
- `automated_cleaning_mode` (String) When set to disabled, automated cleaning will be skipped during provisioning and deprovisioning.
- `bmc` (Attributes) How do we connect to the BMC (Baseboard Management Controller) on the host? (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--bmc))
- `boot_mac_address` (String) The MAC address of the NIC used for provisioning the host. In case of network boot, this is the MAC address of the PXE booting interface. The MAC address of the BMC must never be used here!
- `boot_mode` (String) Select the method of initializing the hardware during boot. Defaults to UEFI. Legacy boot should only be used for hardware that does not support UEFI correctly. Set to UEFISecureBoot to turn secure boot on automatically after provisioning.
- `consumer_ref` (Attributes) ConsumerRef can be used to store information about something that is using a host. When it is not empty, the host is considered 'in use'. The common use case is a link to a Machine resource when the host is used by Cluster API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--consumer_ref))
- `custom_deploy` (Attributes) A custom deploy procedure. This is an advanced feature that allows using a custom deploy step provided by a site-specific deployment ramdisk. Most users will want to use 'image' instead. Settings this field triggers provisioning. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--custom_deploy))
- `description` (String) Description is a human-entered text used to help identify the host.
- `externally_provisioned` (Boolean) ExternallyProvisioned means something else has provisioned the image running on the host, and the operator should only manage the power status. This field is used for integration with already provisioned hosts and when pivoting hosts between clusters. If unsure, leave this field as false.
- `firmware` (Attributes) Firmware (BIOS) configuration for bare metal server. If set, the requested settings will be applied before the host is provisioned. Only some vendor drivers support this field. An alternative is to use HostFirmwareSettings resources that allow changing arbitrary values and support the generic Redfish-based drivers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--firmware))
- `hardware_profile` (String) What is the name of the hardware profile for this host? Hardware profiles are deprecated and should not be used. Use the separate fields Architecture and RootDeviceHints instead. Set to 'empty' to prepare for the future version of the API without hardware profiles.
- `image` (Attributes) Image holds the details of the image to be provisioned. Populating the image will cause the host to start provisioning. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--image))
- `meta_data` (Attributes) MetaData holds the reference to the Secret containing host metadata which is passed to the Config Drive. By default, the operater will generate metadata for the host, so most users do not need to set this field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--meta_data))
- `network_data` (Attributes) NetworkData holds the reference to the Secret containing network configuration which is passed to the Config Drive and interpreted by the first boot software such as cloud-init. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network_data))
- `preprovisioning_network_data_name` (String) PreprovisioningNetworkDataName is the name of the Secret in the local namespace containing network configuration which is passed to the preprovisioning image, and to the Config Drive if not overridden by specifying NetworkData.
- `raid` (Attributes) RAID configuration for bare metal server. If set, the RAID settings will be applied before the host is provisioned. If not, the current settings will not be modified. Only one of the sub-fields hardwareRAIDVolumes and softwareRAIDVolumes can be set at the same time. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--raid))
- `root_device_hints` (Attributes) Provide guidance about how to choose the device for the image being provisioned. The default is currently to use /dev/sda as the root device. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--root_device_hints))
- `taints` (Attributes List) Taints is the full, authoritative list of taints to apply to the corresponding Machine. This list will overwrite any modifications made to the Machine on an ongoing basis. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--taints))
- `user_data` (Attributes) UserData holds the reference to the Secret containing the user data which is passed to the Config Drive and interpreted by the first-boot software such as cloud-init. The format of user data is specific to the first-boot software. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--user_data))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--bmc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.bmc`

Required:

- `address` (String) Address holds the URL for accessing the controller on the network. The scheme part designates the driver to use with the host.
- `credentials_name` (String) The name of the secret containing the BMC credentials (requires keys 'username' and 'password').

Optional:

- `disable_certificate_verification` (Boolean) DisableCertificateVerification disables verification of server certificates when using HTTPS to connect to the BMC. This is required when the server certificate is self-signed, but is insecure because it allows a man-in-the-middle to intercept the connection.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--consumer_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.consumer_ref`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.
- `field_path` (String) If referring to a piece of an object instead of an entire object, this string should contain a valid JSON/Go field access statement, such as desiredState.manifest.containers[2]. For example, if the object reference is to a container within a pod, this would take on a value like: 'spec.containers{name}' (where 'name' refers to the name of the container that triggered the event) or if no container name is specified 'spec.containers[2]' (container with index 2 in this pod). This syntax is chosen only to have some well-defined way of referencing a part of an object. TODO: this design is not final and this field is subject to change in the future.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/
- `resource_version` (String) Specific resourceVersion to which this reference is made, if any. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `uid` (String) UID of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#uids


<a id="nestedatt--spec--custom_deploy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.custom_deploy`

Required:

- `method` (String) Custom deploy method name. This name is specific to the deploy ramdisk used. If you don't have a custom deploy ramdisk, you shouldn't use CustomDeploy.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--firmware"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.firmware`

Optional:

- `simultaneous_multithreading_enabled` (Boolean) Allows a single physical processor core to appear as several logical processors.
- `sriov_enabled` (Boolean) SR-IOV support enables a hypervisor to create virtual instances of a PCI-express device, potentially increasing performance.
- `virtualization_enabled` (Boolean) Supports the virtualization of platform hardware.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--image"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.image`

Required:

- `url` (String) URL is a location of an image to deploy.

Optional:

- `checksum` (String) Checksum is the checksum for the image. Required for all formats except for 'live-iso'.
- `checksum_type` (String) ChecksumType is the checksum algorithm for the image, e.g md5, sha256 or sha512. The special value 'auto' can be used to detect the algorithm from the checksum. If missing, MD5 is used. If in doubt, use 'auto'.
- `format` (String) Format contains the format of the image (raw, qcow2, ...). When set to 'live-iso', an ISO 9660 image referenced by the url will be live-booted and not deployed to disk.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--meta_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.meta_data`

Optional:

- `name` (String) name is unique within a namespace to reference a secret resource.
- `namespace` (String) namespace defines the space within which the secret name must be unique.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--network_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network_data`

Optional:

- `name` (String) name is unique within a namespace to reference a secret resource.
- `namespace` (String) namespace defines the space within which the secret name must be unique.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--raid"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.raid`

Optional:

- `hardware_raid_volumes` (Attributes List) The list of logical disks for hardware RAID, if rootDeviceHints isn't used, first volume is root volume. You can set the value of this field to '[]' to clear all the hardware RAID configurations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--raid--hardware_raid_volumes))
- `software_raid_volumes` (Attributes List) The list of logical disks for software RAID, if rootDeviceHints isn't used, first volume is root volume. If HardwareRAIDVolumes is set this item will be invalid. The number of created Software RAID devices must be 1 or 2. If there is only one Software RAID device, it has to be a RAID-1. If there are two, the first one has to be a RAID-1, while the RAID level for the second one can be 0, 1, or 1+0. As the first RAID device will be the deployment device, enforcing a RAID-1 reduces the risk of ending up with a non-booting node in case of a disk failure. Software RAID will always be deleted. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--raid--software_raid_volumes))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--raid--hardware_raid_volumes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.raid.hardware_raid_volumes`

Required:

- `level` (String) RAID level for the logical disk. The following levels are supported: 0, 1, 2, 5, 6, 1+0, 5+0, 6+0 (drivers may support only some of them).

Optional:

- `controller` (String) The name of the RAID controller to use.
- `name` (String) Name of the volume. Should be unique within the Node. If not specified, the name will be auto-generated.
- `number_of_physical_disks` (Number) Integer, number of physical disks to use for the logical disk. Defaults to minimum number of disks required for the particular RAID level.
- `physical_disks` (List of String) Optional list of physical disk names to be used for the hardware RAID volumes. The disk names are interpreted by the hardware RAID controller, and the format is hardware specific.
- `rotational` (Boolean) Select disks with only rotational (if set to true) or solid-state (if set to false) storage. By default, any disks can be picked.
- `size_gibibytes` (Number) Size of the logical disk to be created in GiB. If unspecified or set be 0, the maximum capacity of disk will be used for logical disk.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--raid--software_raid_volumes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.raid.software_raid_volumes`

Required:

- `level` (String) RAID level for the logical disk. The following levels are supported: 0, 1 and 1+0.

Optional:

- `physical_disks` (Attributes List) A list of device hints, the number of items should be greater than or equal to 2. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--raid--software_raid_volumes--physical_disks))
- `size_gibibytes` (Number) Size of the logical disk to be created in GiB. If unspecified or set be 0, the maximum capacity of disk will be used for logical disk.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--raid--software_raid_volumes--physical_disks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.raid.software_raid_volumes.physical_disks`

Optional:

- `device_name` (String) A Linux device name like '/dev/vda', or a by-path link to it like '/dev/disk/by-path/pci-0000:01:00.0-scsi-0:2:0:0'. The hint must match the actual value exactly.
- `hctl` (String) A SCSI bus address like 0:0:0:0. The hint must match the actual value exactly.
- `min_size_gigabytes` (Number) The minimum size of the device in Gigabytes.
- `model` (String) A vendor-specific device identifier. The hint can be a substring of the actual value.
- `rotational` (Boolean) True if the device should use spinning media, false otherwise.
- `serial_number` (String) Device serial number. The hint must match the actual value exactly.
- `vendor` (String) The name of the vendor or manufacturer of the device. The hint can be a substring of the actual value.
- `wwn` (String) Unique storage identifier. The hint must match the actual value exactly.
- `wwn_vendor_extension` (String) Unique vendor storage identifier. The hint must match the actual value exactly.
- `wwn_with_extension` (String) Unique storage identifier with the vendor extension appended. The hint must match the actual value exactly.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--root_device_hints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.root_device_hints`

Optional:

- `device_name` (String) A Linux device name like '/dev/vda', or a by-path link to it like '/dev/disk/by-path/pci-0000:01:00.0-scsi-0:2:0:0'. The hint must match the actual value exactly.
- `hctl` (String) A SCSI bus address like 0:0:0:0. The hint must match the actual value exactly.
- `min_size_gigabytes` (Number) The minimum size of the device in Gigabytes.
- `model` (String) A vendor-specific device identifier. The hint can be a substring of the actual value.
- `rotational` (Boolean) True if the device should use spinning media, false otherwise.
- `serial_number` (String) Device serial number. The hint must match the actual value exactly.
- `vendor` (String) The name of the vendor or manufacturer of the device. The hint can be a substring of the actual value.
- `wwn` (String) Unique storage identifier. The hint must match the actual value exactly.
- `wwn_vendor_extension` (String) Unique vendor storage identifier. The hint must match the actual value exactly.
- `wwn_with_extension` (String) Unique storage identifier with the vendor extension appended. The hint must match the actual value exactly.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--taints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.taints`

Required:

- `effect` (String) Required. The effect of the taint on pods that do not tolerate the taint. Valid effects are NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Required. The taint key to be applied to a node.

Optional:

- `time_added` (String) TimeAdded represents the time at which the taint was added. It is only written for NoExecute taints.
- `value` (String) The taint value corresponding to the taint key.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--user_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.user_data`

Optional:

- `name` (String) name is unique within a namespace to reference a secret resource.
- `namespace` (String) namespace defines the space within which the secret name must be unique.
