---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_monitoring_openshift_io_alert_relabel_config_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "monitoring.openshift.io"
description: |-
  AlertRelabelConfig defines a set of relabel configs for alerts.  Compatibility level 1: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 12 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).
---

# k8s_monitoring_openshift_io_alert_relabel_config_v1_manifest (Data Source)

AlertRelabelConfig defines a set of relabel configs for alerts.  Compatibility level 1: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 12 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_monitoring_openshift_io_alert_relabel_config_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) spec describes the desired state of this AlertRelabelConfig object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `configs` (Attributes List) configs is a list of sequentially evaluated alert relabel configs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--configs))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--configs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.configs`

Optional:

- `action` (String) action to perform based on regex matching. Must be one of: 'Replace', 'Keep', 'Drop', 'HashMod', 'LabelMap', 'LabelDrop', or 'LabelKeep'. Default is: 'Replace'
- `modulus` (Number) modulus to take of the hash of the source label values.  This can be combined with the 'HashMod' action to set 'target_label' to the 'modulus' of a hash of the concatenated 'source_labels'. This is only valid if sourceLabels is not empty and action is not 'LabelKeep' or 'LabelDrop'.
- `regex` (String) regex against which the extracted value is matched. Default is: '(.*)' regex is required for all actions except 'HashMod'
- `replacement` (String) replacement value against which a regex replace is performed if the regular expression matches. This is required if the action is 'Replace' or 'LabelMap' and forbidden for actions 'LabelKeep' and 'LabelDrop'. Regex capture groups are available. Default is: '$1'
- `separator` (String) separator placed between concatenated source label values. When omitted, Prometheus will use its default value of ';'.
- `source_labels` (List of String) sourceLabels select values from existing labels. Their content is concatenated using the configured separator and matched against the configured regular expression for the 'Replace', 'Keep', and 'Drop' actions. Not allowed for actions 'LabelKeep' and 'LabelDrop'.
- `target_label` (String) targetLabel to which the resulting value is written in a 'Replace' action. It is required for 'Replace' and 'HashMod' actions and forbidden for actions 'LabelKeep' and 'LabelDrop'. Regex capture groups are available.
