---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_monitoring_coreos_com_prometheus_rule_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "monitoring.coreos.com"
description: |-
  The 'PrometheusRule' custom resource definition (CRD) defines alerting https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/configuration/alerting_rules/ and recording https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/configuration/recording_rules/ rules to be evaluated by 'Prometheus' or 'ThanosRuler' objects.'Prometheus' and 'ThanosRuler' objects select 'PrometheusRule' objects using label and namespace selectors.
---

# k8s_monitoring_coreos_com_prometheus_rule_v1_manifest (Data Source)

The 'PrometheusRule' custom resource definition (CRD) defines [alerting](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/configuration/alerting_rules/) and [recording](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/configuration/recording_rules/) rules to be evaluated by 'Prometheus' or 'ThanosRuler' objects.'Prometheus' and 'ThanosRuler' objects select 'PrometheusRule' objects using label and namespace selectors.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_monitoring_coreos_com_prometheus_rule_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
  spec = {}
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) Specification of desired alerting rule definitions for Prometheus. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `groups` (Attributes List) Content of Prometheus rule file (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--groups))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.groups`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the rule group.

Optional:

- `interval` (String) Interval determines how often rules in the group are evaluated.
- `limit` (Number) Limit the number of alerts an alerting rule and series a recordingrule can produce.Limit is supported starting with Prometheus >= 2.31 and Thanos Ruler >= 0.24.
- `partial_response_strategy` (String) PartialResponseStrategy is only used by ThanosRuler and willbe ignored by Prometheus instances.More info: https://github.com/thanos-io/thanos/blob/main/docs/components/rule.md#partial-response
- `rules` (Attributes List) List of alerting and recording rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--groups--rules))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--groups--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.groups.rules`

Required:

- `expr` (String) PromQL expression to evaluate.

Optional:

- `alert` (String) Name of the alert. Must be a valid label value.Only one of 'record' and 'alert' must be set.
- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations to add to each alert.Only valid for alerting rules.
- `for` (String) Alerts are considered firing once they have been returned for this long.
- `keep_firing_for` (String) KeepFiringFor defines how long an alert will continue firing after the condition that triggered it has cleared.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to add or overwrite.
- `record` (String) Name of the time series to output to. Must be a valid metric name.Only one of 'record' and 'alert' must be set.
