---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_multicluster_x_k8s_io_service_import_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "multicluster.x-k8s.io"
description: |-
  ServiceImport describes a service imported from clusters in a ClusterSet.
---

# k8s_multicluster_x_k8s_io_service_import_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

ServiceImport describes a service imported from clusters in a ClusterSet.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_multicluster_x_k8s_io_service_import_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) spec defines the behavior of a ServiceImport. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `ports` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ports))
- `type` (String) type defines the type of this service. Must be ClusterSetIP or Headless.

Optional:

- `ips` (List of String) ip will be used as the VIP for this service when type is ClusterSetIP.
- `session_affinity` (String) Supports 'ClientIP' and 'None'. Used to maintain session affinity. Enable client IP based session affinity. Must be ClientIP or None. Defaults to None. Ignored when type is Headless More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#virtual-ips-and-service-proxies
- `session_affinity_config` (Attributes) sessionAffinityConfig contains session affinity configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--session_affinity_config))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ports`

Required:

- `port` (Number) The port that will be exposed by this service.

Optional:

- `app_protocol` (String) The application protocol for this port. This field follows standard Kubernetes label syntax. Un-prefixed names are reserved for IANA standard service names (as per RFC-6335 and http://www.iana.org/assignments/service-names). Non-standard protocols should use prefixed names such as mycompany.com/my-custom-protocol. Field can be enabled with ServiceAppProtocol feature gate.
- `name` (String) The name of this port within the service. This must be a DNS_LABEL. All ports within a ServiceSpec must have unique names. When considering the endpoints for a Service, this must match the 'name' field in the EndpointPort. Optional if only one ServicePort is defined on this service.
- `protocol` (String) The IP protocol for this port. Supports 'TCP', 'UDP', and 'SCTP'. Default is TCP.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--session_affinity_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.session_affinity_config`

Optional:

- `client_ip` (Attributes) clientIP contains the configurations of Client IP based session affinity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--session_affinity_config--client_ip))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--session_affinity_config--client_ip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.session_affinity_config.client_ip`

Optional:

- `timeout_seconds` (Number) timeoutSeconds specifies the seconds of ClientIP type session sticky time. The value must be >0 && <=86400(for 1 day) if ServiceAffinity == 'ClientIP'. Default value is 10800(for 3 hours).
