---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_networking_k8s_io_ingress_class_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "networking.k8s.io"
description: |-
  IngressClass represents the class of the Ingress, referenced by the Ingress Spec. The 'ingressclass.kubernetes.io/is-default-class' annotation can be used to indicate that an IngressClass should be considered default. When a single IngressClass resource has this annotation set to true, new Ingress resources without a class specified will be assigned this default class.
---

# k8s_networking_k8s_io_ingress_class_v1_manifest (Data Source)

IngressClass represents the class of the Ingress, referenced by the Ingress Spec. The 'ingressclass.kubernetes.io/is-default-class' annotation can be used to indicate that an IngressClass should be considered default. When a single IngressClass resource has this annotation set to true, new Ingress resources without a class specified will be assigned this default class.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_networking_k8s_io_ingress_class_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) IngressClassSpec provides information about the class of an Ingress. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `controller` (String) controller refers to the name of the controller that should handle this class. This allows for different 'flavors' that are controlled by the same controller. For example, you may have different parameters for the same implementing controller. This should be specified as a domain-prefixed path no more than 250 characters in length, e.g. 'acme.io/ingress-controller'. This field is immutable.
- `parameters` (Attributes) IngressClassParametersReference identifies an API object. This can be used to specify a cluster or namespace-scoped resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--parameters))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.parameters`

Required:

- `kind` (String) kind is the type of resource being referenced.
- `name` (String) name is the name of resource being referenced.

Optional:

- `api_group` (String) apiGroup is the group for the resource being referenced. If APIGroup is not specified, the specified Kind must be in the core API group. For any other third-party types, APIGroup is required.
- `namespace` (String) namespace is the namespace of the resource being referenced. This field is required when scope is set to 'Namespace' and must be unset when scope is set to 'Cluster'.
- `scope` (String) scope represents if this refers to a cluster or namespace scoped resource. This may be set to 'Cluster' (default) or 'Namespace'.
