---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_networking_istio_io_envoy_filter_v1alpha3_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "networking.istio.io"
description: |-
  
---

# k8s_networking_istio_io_envoy_filter_v1alpha3_manifest (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_networking_istio_io_envoy_filter_v1alpha3_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) Customizing Envoy configuration generated by Istio. See more details at: https://istio.io/docs/reference/config/networking/envoy-filter.html (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `config_patches` (Attributes List) One or more patches with match conditions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--config_patches))
- `priority` (Number) Priority defines the order in which patch sets are applied within a context.
- `target_refs` (Attributes List) Optional. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--target_refs))
- `workload_selector` (Attributes) Criteria used to select the specific set of pods/VMs on which this patch configuration should be applied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--workload_selector))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--config_patches"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config_patches`

Optional:

- `apply_to` (String) Specifies where in the Envoy configuration, the patch should be applied.Valid Options: LISTENER, FILTER_CHAIN, NETWORK_FILTER, HTTP_FILTER, ROUTE_CONFIGURATION, VIRTUAL_HOST, HTTP_ROUTE, CLUSTER, EXTENSION_CONFIG, BOOTSTRAP, LISTENER_FILTER
- `match` (Attributes) Match on listener/route configuration/cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--config_patches--match))
- `patch` (Attributes) The patch to apply along with the operation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--config_patches--patch))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--config_patches--match"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config_patches.match`

Optional:

- `cluster` (Attributes) Match on envoy cluster attributes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--config_patches--match--cluster))
- `context` (String) The specific config generation context to match on.Valid Options: ANY, SIDECAR_INBOUND, SIDECAR_OUTBOUND, GATEWAY
- `listener` (Attributes) Match on envoy listener attributes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--config_patches--match--listener))
- `proxy` (Attributes) Match on properties associated with a proxy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--config_patches--match--proxy))
- `route_configuration` (Attributes) Match on envoy HTTP route configuration attributes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--config_patches--match--route_configuration))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--config_patches--match--cluster"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config_patches.match.cluster`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The exact name of the cluster to match.
- `port_number` (Number) The service port for which this cluster was generated.
- `service` (String) The fully qualified service name for this cluster.
- `subset` (String) The subset associated with the service.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--config_patches--match--listener"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config_patches.match.listener`

Optional:

- `filter_chain` (Attributes) Match a specific filter chain in a listener. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--config_patches--match--route_configuration--filter_chain))
- `listener_filter` (String) Match a specific listener filter.
- `name` (String) Match a specific listener by its name.
- `port_name` (String)
- `port_number` (Number) The service port/gateway port to which traffic is being sent/received.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--config_patches--match--route_configuration--filter_chain"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config_patches.match.route_configuration.filter_chain`

Optional:

- `application_protocols` (String) Applies only to sidecars.
- `destination_port` (Number) The destination_port value used by a filter chain's match condition.
- `filter` (Attributes) The name of a specific filter to apply the patch to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--config_patches--match--route_configuration--filter_chain--filter))
- `name` (String) The name assigned to the filter chain.
- `sni` (String) The SNI value used by a filter chain's match condition.
- `transport_protocol` (String) Applies only to 'SIDECAR_INBOUND' context.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--config_patches--match--route_configuration--filter_chain--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config_patches.match.route_configuration.filter_chain.filter`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The filter name to match on.
- `sub_filter` (Attributes) The next level filter within this filter to match upon. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--config_patches--match--route_configuration--filter_chain--transport_protocol--sub_filter))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--config_patches--match--route_configuration--filter_chain--transport_protocol--sub_filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config_patches.match.route_configuration.filter_chain.transport_protocol.sub_filter`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The filter name to match on.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--config_patches--match--proxy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config_patches.match.proxy`

Optional:

- `metadata` (Map of String) Match on the node metadata supplied by a proxy when connecting to Istio Pilot.
- `proxy_version` (String) A regular expression in golang regex format (RE2) that can be used to select proxies using a specific version of istio proxy.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--config_patches--match--route_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config_patches.match.route_configuration`

Optional:

- `gateway` (String) The Istio gateway config's namespace/name for which this route configuration was generated.
- `name` (String) Route configuration name to match on.
- `port_name` (String) Applicable only for GATEWAY context.
- `port_number` (Number) The service port number or gateway server port number for which this route configuration was generated.
- `vhost` (Attributes) Match a specific virtual host in a route configuration and apply the patch to the virtual host. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--config_patches--match--route_configuration--vhost))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--config_patches--match--route_configuration--vhost"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config_patches.match.route_configuration.vhost`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The VirtualHosts objects generated by Istio are named as host:port, where the host typically corresponds to the VirtualService's host field or the hostname of a service in the registry.
- `route` (Attributes) Match a specific route within the virtual host. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--config_patches--match--route_configuration--vhost--route))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--config_patches--match--route_configuration--vhost--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config_patches.match.route_configuration.vhost.route`

Optional:

- `action` (String) Match a route with specific action type.Valid Options: ANY, ROUTE, REDIRECT, DIRECT_RESPONSE
- `name` (String) The Route objects generated by default are named as default.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--config_patches--patch"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config_patches.patch`

Optional:

- `filter_class` (String) Determines the filter insertion order.Valid Options: AUTHN, AUTHZ, STATS
- `operation` (String) Determines how the patch should be applied.Valid Options: MERGE, ADD, REMOVE, INSERT_BEFORE, INSERT_AFTER, INSERT_FIRST, REPLACE
- `value` (Map of String) The JSON config of the object being patched.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--target_refs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.target_refs`

Optional:

- `group` (String) group is the group of the target resource.
- `kind` (String) kind is kind of the target resource.
- `name` (String) name is the name of the target resource.
- `namespace` (String) namespace is the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--workload_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.workload_selector`

Optional:

- `labels` (Map of String) One or more labels that indicate a specific set of pods/VMs on which the configuration should be applied.
