---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_networking_karmada_io_multi_cluster_service_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "networking.karmada.io"
description: |-
  MultiClusterService is a named abstraction of multi-cluster software service.The name field of MultiClusterService is the same as that of Service name.Services with the same name in different clusters are regarded as the sameservice and are associated with the same MultiClusterService.MultiClusterService can control the exposure of services to outside multipleclusters, and also enable service discovery between clusters.
---

# k8s_networking_karmada_io_multi_cluster_service_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

MultiClusterService is a named abstraction of multi-cluster software service.The name field of MultiClusterService is the same as that of Service name.Services with the same name in different clusters are regarded as the sameservice and are associated with the same MultiClusterService.MultiClusterService can control the exposure of services to outside multipleclusters, and also enable service discovery between clusters.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_networking_karmada_io_multi_cluster_service_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) Spec is the desired state of the MultiClusterService. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `types` (List of String) Types specifies how to expose the service referencing by thisMultiClusterService.

Optional:

- `consumer_clusters` (Attributes List) ConsumerClusters specifies the clusters where the service will be exposed, for clients.If leave it empty, the service will be exposed to all clusters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--consumer_clusters))
- `ports` (Attributes List) Ports is the list of ports that are exposed by this MultiClusterService.No specified port will be filtered out during the serviceexposure and discovery process.All ports in the referencing service will be exposed by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ports))
- `provider_clusters` (Attributes List) ProviderClusters specifies the clusters which will provide the service backend.If leave it empty, we will collect the backend endpoints from all clusters and syncthem to the ConsumerClusters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider_clusters))
- `range` (Attributes) Range specifies the ranges where the referencing service shouldbe exposed.Only valid and optional in case of Types contains CrossCluster.If not set and Types contains CrossCluster, all clusters willbe selected, that means the referencing service will be exposedacross all registered clusters.Deprecated: in favor of ProviderClusters/ConsumerClusters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--range))
- `service_consumption_clusters` (List of String) ServiceConsumptionClusters specifies the clusters where the service will be exposed, for clients.If leave it empty, the service will be exposed to all clusters.Deprecated: in favor of ProviderClusters/ConsumerClusters.
- `service_provision_clusters` (List of String) ServiceProvisionClusters specifies the clusters which will provision the service backend.If leave it empty, we will collect the backend endpoints from all clusters and syncthem to the ServiceConsumptionClusters.Deprecated: in favor of ProviderClusters/ConsumerClusters.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--consumer_clusters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.consumer_clusters`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the cluster to be selected.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ports`

Required:

- `port` (Number) Port specifies the exposed service port.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the port that needs to be exposed within the service.The port name must be the same as that defined in the service.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider_clusters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_clusters`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the cluster to be selected.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--range"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.range`

Optional:

- `cluster_names` (List of String) ClusterNames is the list of clusters to be selected.
