---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_networking_karmada_io_multi_cluster_service_v1alpha1 Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "networking.karmada.io"
description: |-
  MultiClusterService is a named abstraction of multi-cluster software service. The name field of MultiClusterService is the same as that of Service name. Services with the same name in different clusters are regarded as the same service and are associated with the same MultiClusterService. MultiClusterService can control the exposure of services to outside multiple clusters, and also enable service discovery between clusters.
---

# k8s_networking_karmada_io_multi_cluster_service_v1alpha1 (Data Source)

MultiClusterService is a named abstraction of multi-cluster software service. The name field of MultiClusterService is the same as that of Service name. Services with the same name in different clusters are regarded as the same service and are associated with the same MultiClusterService. MultiClusterService can control the exposure of services to outside multiple clusters, and also enable service discovery between clusters.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_networking_karmada_io_multi_cluster_service_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) The API group of the requested resource.
- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `kind` (String) The type of the requested resource.
- `spec` (Attributes) Spec is the desired state of the MultiClusterService. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Read-Only:

- `ports` (Attributes List) Ports is the list of ports that are exposed by this MultiClusterService. No specified port will be filtered out during the service exposure and discovery process. All ports in the referencing service will be exposed by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ports))
- `range` (Attributes) Range specifies the ranges where the referencing service should be exposed. Only valid and optional in case of Types contains CrossCluster. If not set and Types contains CrossCluster, all clusters will be selected, that means the referencing service will be exposed across all registered clusters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--range))
- `types` (List of String) Types specifies how to expose the service referencing by this MultiClusterService.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ports`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the port that needs to be exposed within the service. The port name must be the same as that defined in the service.
- `port` (Number) Port specifies the exposed service port.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--range"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.range`

Read-Only:

- `cluster_names` (List of String) ClusterNames is the list of clusters to be selected.
