---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_networkfirewall_services_k8s_aws_firewall_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "networkfirewall.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  Firewall is the Schema for the Firewalls API
---

# k8s_networkfirewall_services_k8s_aws_firewall_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

Firewall is the Schema for the Firewalls API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_networkfirewall_services_k8s_aws_firewall_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) FirewallSpec defines the desired state of Firewall.The firewall defines the configuration settings for an Network Firewall firewall.These settings include the firewall policy, the subnets in your VPC to usefor the firewall endpoints, and any tags that are attached to the firewallAmazon Web Services resource.The status of the firewall, for example whether it's ready to filter networktraffic, is provided in the corresponding FirewallStatus. You can retrieveboth objects by calling DescribeFirewall. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `firewall_name` (String) The descriptive name of the firewall. You can't change the name of a firewallafter you create it.
- `firewall_policy_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the FirewallPolicy that you want to usefor the firewall.
- `subnet_mappings` (Attributes List) The public subnets to use for your Network Firewall firewalls. Each subnetmust belong to a different Availability Zone in the VPC. Network Firewallcreates a firewall endpoint in each subnet. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--subnet_mappings))
- `vpc_id` (String) The unique identifier of the VPC where Network Firewall should create thefirewall.You can't change this setting after you create the firewall.

Optional:

- `delete_protection` (Boolean) A flag indicating whether it is possible to delete the firewall. A settingof TRUE indicates that the firewall is protected against deletion. Use thissetting to protect against accidentally deleting a firewall that is in use.When you create a firewall, the operation initializes this flag to TRUE.
- `description` (String) A description of the firewall.
- `encryption_configuration` (Attributes) A complex type that contains settings for encryption of your firewall resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--encryption_configuration))
- `firewall_policy_change_protection` (Boolean) A setting indicating whether the firewall is protected against a change tothe firewall policy association. Use this setting to protect against accidentallymodifying the firewall policy for a firewall that is in use. When you createa firewall, the operation initializes this setting to TRUE.
- `subnet_change_protection` (Boolean) A setting indicating whether the firewall is protected against changes tothe subnet associations. Use this setting to protect against accidentallymodifying the subnet associations for a firewall that is in use. When youcreate a firewall, the operation initializes this setting to TRUE.
- `tags` (Attributes List) The key:value pairs to associate with the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--subnet_mappings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.subnet_mappings`

Optional:

- `i_p_address_type` (String)
- `subnet_id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--encryption_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.encryption_configuration`

Optional:

- `key_id` (String)
- `type_` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)
