---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_networking_gke_io_gcp_backend_policy_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "networking.gke.io"
description: |-
  GCPBackendPolicy provides a way to apply LoadBalancer policy configuration with the GKE implementation of the Gateway API.
---

# k8s_networking_gke_io_gcp_backend_policy_v1_manifest (Data Source)

GCPBackendPolicy provides a way to apply LoadBalancer policy configuration with the GKE implementation of the Gateway API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_networking_gke_io_gcp_backend_policy_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
  spec = {
    target_ref = {
      group = "some-group"
      kind  = "some-kind"
      name  = "some-name"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) Spec defines the desired state of GCPBackendPolicy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `target_ref` (Attributes) TargetRef identifies an API object to apply policy to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--target_ref))

Optional:

- `default` (Attributes) Default defines default policy configuration for the targeted resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--default))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--target_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.target_ref`

Required:

- `group` (String) Group is the group of the target resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is kind of the target resource.
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the target resource.

Optional:

- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of the referent. When unspecified, the local namespace is inferred. Even when policy targets a resource in a different namespace, it MUST only apply to traffic originating from the same namespace as the policy.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.default`

Optional:

- `connection_draining` (Attributes) ConnectionDraining contains configuration for connection draining (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--default--connection_draining))
- `iap` (Attributes) IAP contains the configurations for Identity-Aware Proxy. Identity-Aware Proxy manages access control policies for backend services associated with a HTTPRoute, so they can be accessed only by authenticated users or applications with correct Identity and Access Management (IAM) role. See https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/backendServices (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--default--iap))
- `logging` (Attributes) LoggingConfig contains configuration for logging. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--default--logging))
- `security_policy` (String) SecurityPolicy is a reference to a GCP Cloud Armor SecurityPolicy resource.
- `session_affinity` (Attributes) SessionAffinityConfig contains configuration for stickiness parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--default--session_affinity))
- `timeout_sec` (Number) TimeoutSec is a BackendService parameter. See https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/backendServices. If the field is omitted, a default value (30s) will be used.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--default--connection_draining"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.default.connection_draining`

Optional:

- `draining_timeout_sec` (Number) DrainingTimeoutSec is a BackendService parameter. It is used during removal of VMs from instance groups. This guarantees that for the specified time all existing connections to a VM will remain untouched, but no new connections will be accepted. Set timeout to zero to disable connection draining. Enable the feature by specifying a timeout of up to one hour. If the field is omitted, a default value (0s) will be used. See https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/backendServices


<a id="nestedatt--spec--default--iap"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.default.iap`

Optional:

- `client_id` (String) ClientID is the OAuth2 client ID to use for the authentication flow. See iap.oauth2ClientId in https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/backendServices ClientID must be set if Enabled is set to true.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled denotes whether the serving infrastructure will authenticate and authorize all incoming requests. If true, the ClientID and Oauth2ClientSecret fields must be non-empty. If not specified, this defaults to false, which means Identity-Aware Proxy is disabled by default.
- `oauth2_client_secret` (Attributes) Oauth2ClientSecret contains the OAuth2 client secret to use for the authentication flow. See https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/backendServices Oauth2ClientSecret must be set if Enabled is set to true. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--default--iap--oauth2_client_secret))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--default--iap--oauth2_client_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.default.iap.oauth2_client_secret`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name is the reference to the secret resource.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--default--logging"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.default.logging`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled denotes whether to enable logging for the load balancer traffic served by this backend service. If not specified, this defaults to false, which means logging is disabled by default.
- `sample_rate` (Number) This field can only be specified if logging is enabled for this backend service. The value of the field must be in range [0, 1e6]. This is converted to a floating point value in the range [0, 1] by dividing by 1e6 for use with the GCE api and interpreted as the proportion of requests that will be logged. By default all requests will be logged.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--default--session_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.default.session_affinity`

Optional:

- `cookie_ttl_sec` (Number) CookieTTLSec specifies the lifetime of cookies in seconds. This setting requires GENERATED_COOKIE or HTTP_COOKIE session affinity. If set to 0, the cookie is non-persistent and lasts only until the end of the browser session (or equivalent). The maximum allowed value is two weeks (1,209,600).
- `type` (String) Type specifies the type of session affinity to use. If not specified, this defaults to NONE.
