---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_networkfirewall_services_k8s_aws_firewall_policy_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "networkfirewall.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  FirewallPolicy is the Schema for the FirewallPolicies API
---

# k8s_networkfirewall_services_k8s_aws_firewall_policy_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

FirewallPolicy is the Schema for the FirewallPolicies API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_networkfirewall_services_k8s_aws_firewall_policy_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) FirewallPolicySpec defines the desired state of FirewallPolicy.The firewall policy defines the behavior of a firewall using a collectionof stateless and stateful rule groups and other settings. You can use onefirewall policy for multiple firewalls.This, along with FirewallPolicyResponse, define the policy. You can retrieveall objects for a firewall policy by calling DescribeFirewallPolicy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `firewall_policy` (Attributes) The rule groups and policy actions to use in the firewall policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--firewall_policy))
- `firewall_policy_name` (String) The descriptive name of the firewall policy. You can't change the name ofa firewall policy after you create it.

Optional:

- `description` (String) A description of the firewall policy.
- `encryption_configuration` (Attributes) A complex type that contains settings for encryption of your firewall policyresources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--encryption_configuration))
- `tags` (Attributes List) The key:value pairs to associate with the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--firewall_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.firewall_policy`

Optional:

- `policy_variables` (Attributes) Contains variables that you can use to override default Suricata settingsin your firewall policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--firewall_policy--policy_variables))
- `stateful_default_actions` (List of String)
- `stateful_engine_options` (Attributes) Configuration settings for the handling of the stateful rule groups in afirewall policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--firewall_policy--stateful_engine_options))
- `stateful_rule_group_references` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--firewall_policy--stateful_rule_group_references))
- `stateless_custom_actions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--firewall_policy--stateless_custom_actions))
- `stateless_default_actions` (List of String)
- `stateless_fragment_default_actions` (List of String)
- `stateless_rule_group_references` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--firewall_policy--stateless_rule_group_references))
- `tls_inspection_configuration_arn` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--firewall_policy--policy_variables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.firewall_policy.policy_variables`

Optional:

- `rule_variables` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--firewall_policy--policy_variables--rule_variables))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--firewall_policy--policy_variables--rule_variables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.firewall_policy.policy_variables.rule_variables`

Optional:

- `definition` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--firewall_policy--stateful_engine_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.firewall_policy.stateful_engine_options`

Optional:

- `rule_order` (String)
- `stream_exception_policy` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--firewall_policy--stateful_rule_group_references"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.firewall_policy.stateful_rule_group_references`

Optional:

- `override` (Attributes) The setting that allows the policy owner to change the behavior of the rulegroup within a policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--firewall_policy--stateful_rule_group_references--override))
- `priority` (Number)
- `resource_arn` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--firewall_policy--stateful_rule_group_references--override"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.firewall_policy.stateful_rule_group_references.resource_arn`

Optional:

- `action` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--firewall_policy--stateless_custom_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.firewall_policy.stateless_custom_actions`

Optional:

- `action_definition` (Attributes) A custom action to use in stateless rule actions settings. This is used inCustomAction. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--firewall_policy--stateless_custom_actions--action_definition))
- `action_name` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--firewall_policy--stateless_custom_actions--action_definition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.firewall_policy.stateless_custom_actions.action_name`

Optional:

- `publish_metric_action` (Attributes) Stateless inspection criteria that publishes the specified metrics to AmazonCloudWatch for the matching packet. This setting defines a CloudWatch dimensionvalue to be published. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--firewall_policy--stateless_custom_actions--action_name--publish_metric_action))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--firewall_policy--stateless_custom_actions--action_name--publish_metric_action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.firewall_policy.stateless_custom_actions.action_name.publish_metric_action`

Optional:

- `dimensions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--firewall_policy--stateless_custom_actions--action_name--publish_metric_action--dimensions))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--firewall_policy--stateless_custom_actions--action_name--publish_metric_action--dimensions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.firewall_policy.stateless_custom_actions.action_name.publish_metric_action.dimensions`

Optional:

- `value` (String)





<a id="nestedatt--spec--firewall_policy--stateless_rule_group_references"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.firewall_policy.stateless_rule_group_references`

Optional:

- `priority` (Number)
- `resource_arn` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--encryption_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.encryption_configuration`

Optional:

- `key_id` (String)
- `type_` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)
