---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_networking_gke_io_gcp_gateway_policy_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "networking.gke.io"
description: |-
  GCPGatewayPolicy provides a way to apply SSL policy and other configuration to the GKE Gateway.
---

# k8s_networking_gke_io_gcp_gateway_policy_v1_manifest (Data Source)

GCPGatewayPolicy provides a way to apply SSL policy and other configuration to the GKE Gateway.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_networking_gke_io_gcp_gateway_policy_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) Spec defines the desired state of GCPGatewayPolicy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `target_ref` (Attributes) TargetRef identifies an API object to apply policy to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--target_ref))

Optional:

- `default` (Attributes) Default defines default gateway policy configuration for the targeted resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--default))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--target_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.target_ref`

Required:

- `group` (String) Group is the group of the target resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is kind of the target resource.
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the target resource.

Optional:

- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of the referent. When unspecified, the local namespace is inferred. Even when policy targets a resource in a different namespace, it MUST only apply to traffic originating from the same namespace as the policy.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.default`

Optional:

- `allow_global_access` (Boolean)
- `ssl_policy` (String)
