---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_network_openshift_io_egress_network_policy_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "network.openshift.io"
description: |-
  EgressNetworkPolicy describes the current egress network policy for a Namespace. When using the 'redhat/openshift-ovs-multitenant' network plugin, traffic from a pod to an IP address outside the cluster will be checked against each EgressNetworkPolicyRule in the pod's namespace's EgressNetworkPolicy, in order. If no rule matches (or no EgressNetworkPolicy is present) then the traffic will be allowed by default.  Compatibility level 1: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 12 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).
---

# k8s_network_openshift_io_egress_network_policy_v1_manifest (Data Source)

EgressNetworkPolicy describes the current egress network policy for a Namespace. When using the 'redhat/openshift-ovs-multitenant' network plugin, traffic from a pod to an IP address outside the cluster will be checked against each EgressNetworkPolicyRule in the pod's namespace's EgressNetworkPolicy, in order. If no rule matches (or no EgressNetworkPolicy is present) then the traffic will be allowed by default.  Compatibility level 1: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 12 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_network_openshift_io_egress_network_policy_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) spec is the specification of the current egress network policy (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `egress` (Attributes List) egress contains the list of egress policy rules (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--egress))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--egress"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.egress`

Required:

- `to` (Attributes) to is the target that traffic is allowed/denied to (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--egress--to))
- `type` (String) type marks this as an 'Allow' or 'Deny' rule

<a id="nestedatt--spec--egress--to"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.egress.to`

Optional:

- `cidr_selector` (String) CIDRSelector is the CIDR range to allow/deny traffic to. If this is set, dnsName must be unset Ideally we would have liked to use the cidr openapi format for this property. But openshift-sdn only supports v4 while specifying the cidr format allows both v4 and v6 cidrs We are therefore using a regex pattern to validate instead.
- `dns_name` (String) DNSName is the domain name to allow/deny traffic to. If this is set, cidrSelector must be unset
