---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_network_openshift_io_host_subnet_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "network.openshift.io"
description: |-
  HostSubnet describes the container subnet network on a node. The HostSubnet object must have the same name as the Node object it corresponds to.  Compatibility level 1: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 12 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).
---

# k8s_network_openshift_io_host_subnet_v1_manifest (Data Source)

HostSubnet describes the container subnet network on a node. The HostSubnet object must have the same name as the Node object it corresponds to.  Compatibility level 1: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 12 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_network_openshift_io_host_subnet_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host` (String) Host is the name of the node. (This is the same as the object's name, but both fields must be set.)
- `host_ip` (String) HostIP is the IP address to be used as a VTEP by other nodes in the overlay network
- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `subnet` (String) Subnet is the CIDR range of the overlay network assigned to the node for its pods

### Optional

- `egress_cid_rs` (List of String) EgressCIDRs is the list of CIDR ranges available for automatically assigning egress IPs to this node from. If this field is set then EgressIPs should be treated as read-only.
- `egress_i_ps` (List of String) EgressIPs is the list of automatic egress IP addresses currently hosted by this node. If EgressCIDRs is empty, this can be set by hand; if EgressCIDRs is set then the master will overwrite the value here with its own allocation of egress IPs.

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
