---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_networking_k8s_aws_policy_endpoint_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "networking.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  PolicyEndpoint is the Schema for the policyendpoints API
---

# k8s_networking_k8s_aws_policy_endpoint_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

PolicyEndpoint is the Schema for the policyendpoints API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_networking_k8s_aws_policy_endpoint_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) PolicyEndpointSpec defines the desired state of PolicyEndpoint (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `policy_ref` (Attributes) PolicyRef is a reference to the Kubernetes NetworkPolicy resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--policy_ref))

Optional:

- `egress` (Attributes List) Egress is the list of egress rules containing resolved network addresses (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--egress))
- `ingress` (Attributes List) Ingress is the list of ingress rules containing resolved network addresses (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ingress))
- `pod_isolation` (List of String) PodIsolation specifies whether the pod needs to be isolated for a particular traffic direction Ingress or Egress, or both. If default isolation is not specified, and there are no ingress/egress rules, then the pod is not isolated from the point of view of this policy. This follows the NetworkPolicy spec.PolicyTypes.
- `pod_selector` (Attributes) PodSelector is the podSelector from the policy resource (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_selector))
- `pod_selector_endpoints` (Attributes List) PodSelectorEndpoints contains information about the pods matching the podSelector (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_selector_endpoints))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--policy_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.policy_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the Policy
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of the Policy


<a id="nestedatt--spec--egress"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.egress`

Required:

- `cidr` (String) CIDR is the network address(s) of the endpoint

Optional:

- `except` (List of String) Except is the exceptions to the CIDR ranges mentioned above.
- `ports` (Attributes List) Ports is the list of ports (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--egress--ports))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--egress--ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.egress.ports`

Optional:

- `end_port` (Number) Endport specifies the port range port to endPort port must be defined and an integer, endPort > port
- `port` (Number) Port specifies the numerical port for the protocol. If empty applies to all ports
- `protocol` (String) Protocol specifies the transport protocol, default TCP



<a id="nestedatt--spec--ingress"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ingress`

Required:

- `cidr` (String) CIDR is the network address(s) of the endpoint

Optional:

- `except` (List of String) Except is the exceptions to the CIDR ranges mentioned above.
- `ports` (Attributes List) Ports is the list of ports (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ingress--ports))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--ingress--ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ingress.ports`

Optional:

- `end_port` (Number) Endport specifies the port range port to endPort port must be defined and an integer, endPort > port
- `port` (Number) Port specifies the numerical port for the protocol. If empty applies to all ports
- `protocol` (String) Protocol specifies the transport protocol, default TCP



<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_selector_endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_selector_endpoints`

Required:

- `host_ip` (String) HostIP is the IP address of the host the pod is currently running on
- `name` (String) Name is the pod name
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the pod namespace
- `pod_ip` (String) PodIP is the IP address of the pod
