---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_networking_istio_io_service_entry_v1alpha3_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "networking.istio.io"
description: |-
  
---

# k8s_networking_istio_io_service_entry_v1alpha3_manifest (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_networking_istio_io_service_entry_v1alpha3_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) Configuration affecting service registry. See more details at: https://istio.io/docs/reference/config/networking/service-entry.html (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `hosts` (List of String) The hosts associated with the ServiceEntry.

Optional:

- `addresses` (List of String) The virtual IP addresses associated with the service.
- `endpoints` (Attributes List) One or more endpoints associated with the service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--endpoints))
- `export_to` (List of String) A list of namespaces to which this service is exported.
- `location` (String) Specify whether the service should be considered external to the mesh or part of the mesh. Valid Options: MESH_EXTERNAL, MESH_INTERNAL
- `ports` (Attributes List) The ports associated with the external service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ports))
- `resolution` (String) Service resolution mode for the hosts. Valid Options: NONE, STATIC, DNS, DNS_ROUND_ROBIN
- `subject_alt_names` (List of String) If specified, the proxy will verify that the server certificate's subject alternate name matches one of the specified values.
- `workload_selector` (Attributes) Applicable only for MESH_INTERNAL services. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--workload_selector))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.endpoints`

Optional:

- `address` (String) Address associated with the network endpoint without the port.
- `labels` (Map of String) One or more labels associated with the endpoint.
- `locality` (String) The locality associated with the endpoint.
- `network` (String) Network enables Istio to group endpoints resident in the same L3 domain/network.
- `ports` (Map of String) Set of ports associated with the endpoint.
- `service_account` (String) The service account associated with the workload if a sidecar is present in the workload.
- `weight` (Number) The load balancing weight associated with the endpoint.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ports`

Required:

- `name` (String) Label assigned to the port.
- `number` (Number) A valid non-negative integer port number.

Optional:

- `protocol` (String) The protocol exposed on the port.
- `target_port` (Number) The port number on the endpoint where the traffic will be received.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--workload_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.workload_selector`

Optional:

- `labels` (Map of String) One or more labels that indicate a specific set of pods/VMs on which the configuration should be applied.
