---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_nfd_kubernetes_io_node_feature_discovery_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "nfd.kubernetes.io"
description: |-
  NodeFeatureDiscovery is the Schema for the nodefeaturediscoveries API
---

# k8s_nfd_kubernetes_io_node_feature_discovery_v1_manifest (Data Source)

NodeFeatureDiscovery is the Schema for the nodefeaturediscoveries API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_nfd_kubernetes_io_node_feature_discovery_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) NodeFeatureDiscoverySpec defines the desired state of NodeFeatureDiscovery (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `enable_taints` (Boolean) EnableTaints enables the enable the experimental tainting feature This allows keeping nodes with specialized hardware away from running general workload i and instead leave them for workloads that need the specialized hardware.
- `extra_label_ns` (List of String) ExtraLabelNs defines the list of of allowed extra label namespaces By default, only allow labels in the default 'feature.node.kubernetes.io' label namespace
- `instance` (String) Instance name. Used to separate annotation namespaces for multiple parallel deployments.
- `label_white_list` (String) LabelWhiteList defines a regular expression for filtering feature labels based on their name. Each label must match against the given reqular expression in order to be published.
- `operand` (Attributes) OperandSpec describes configuration options for the operand (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--operand))
- `pruner_on_delete` (Boolean) PruneOnDelete defines whether the NFD-master prune should be enabled or not. If enabled, the Operator will deploy an NFD-Master prune job that will remove all NFD labels (and other NFD-managed assets such as annotations, extended resources and taints) from the cluster nodes.
- `resource_labels` (List of String) ResourceLabels defines the list of features to be advertised as extended resources instead of labels.
- `topology_updater` (Boolean) Deploy the NFD-Topology-Updater NFD-Topology-Updater is a daemon responsible for examining allocated resources on a worker node to account for resources available to be allocated to new pod on a per-zone basis https://kubernetes-sigs.github.io/node-feature-discovery/master/get-started/introduction.html#nfd-topology-updater
- `worker_config` (Attributes) WorkerConfig describes configuration options for the NFD worker. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--worker_config))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--operand"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.operand`

Optional:

- `image` (String) Image defines the image to pull for the NFD operand [defaults to registry.k8s.io/nfd/node-feature-discovery]
- `image_pull_policy` (String) ImagePullPolicy defines Image pull policy for the NFD operand image [defaults to Always]
- `service_port` (Number) ServicePort specifies the TCP port that nfd-master listens for incoming requests.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--worker_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.worker_config`

Required:

- `config_data` (String) BinaryData holds the NFD configuration file
