---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_notification_toolkit_fluxcd_io_receiver_v1beta2_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "notification.toolkit.fluxcd.io"
description: |-
  Receiver is the Schema for the receivers API.
---

# k8s_notification_toolkit_fluxcd_io_receiver_v1beta2_manifest (Data Source)

Receiver is the Schema for the receivers API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_notification_toolkit_fluxcd_io_receiver_v1beta2_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) ReceiverSpec defines the desired state of the Receiver. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `resources` (Attributes List) A list of resources to be notified about changes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources))
- `type` (String) Type of webhook sender, used to determine the validation procedure and payload deserialization.

Optional:

- `events` (List of String) Events specifies the list of event types to handle, e.g. 'push' for GitHub or 'Push Hook' for GitLab.
- `interval` (String) Interval at which to reconcile the Receiver with its Secret references.
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) SecretRef specifies the Secret containing the token used to validate the payload authenticity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--secret_ref))
- `suspend` (Boolean) Suspend tells the controller to suspend subsequent events handling for this receiver.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent
- `name` (String) Name of the referent If multiple resources are targeted '*' may be set.

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent
- `match_labels` (Map of String) MatchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed. MatchLabels requires the name to be set to '*'.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent


<a id="nestedatt--spec--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.secret_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.
