---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_notification_toolkit_fluxcd_io_alert_v1beta1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "notification.toolkit.fluxcd.io"
description: |-
  Alert is the Schema for the alerts API
---

# k8s_notification_toolkit_fluxcd_io_alert_v1beta1_manifest (Data Source)

Alert is the Schema for the alerts API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_notification_toolkit_fluxcd_io_alert_v1beta1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
  spec = {
    provider_ref = {
      name = "test"
    }
    summary        = "some minor alert"
    event_severity = "info"
    event_sources  = []
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) AlertSpec defines an alerting rule for events involving a list of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `event_sources` (Attributes List) Filter events based on the involved objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--event_sources))
- `provider_ref` (Attributes) Send events using this provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider_ref))

Optional:

- `event_severity` (String) Filter events based on severity, defaults to ('info').If set to 'info' no events will be filtered.
- `exclusion_list` (List of String) A list of Golang regular expressions to be used for excluding messages.
- `summary` (String) Short description of the impact and affected cluster.
- `suspend` (Boolean) This flag tells the controller to suspend subsequent events dispatching.Defaults to false.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--event_sources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.event_sources`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent
- `match_labels` (Map of String) MatchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent


<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.
