---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_notification_toolkit_fluxcd_io_provider_v1beta2_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "notification.toolkit.fluxcd.io"
description: |-
  Provider is the Schema for the providers API.
---

# k8s_notification_toolkit_fluxcd_io_provider_v1beta2_manifest (Data Source)

Provider is the Schema for the providers API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_notification_toolkit_fluxcd_io_provider_v1beta2_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
  spec = {
    type = "matrix"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) ProviderSpec defines the desired state of the Provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type specifies which Provider implementation to use.

Optional:

- `address` (String) Address specifies the endpoint, in a generic sense, to where alerts are sent.What kind of endpoint depends on the specific Provider type being used.For the generic Provider, for example, this is an HTTP/S address.For other Provider types this could be a project ID or a namespace.
- `cert_secret_ref` (Attributes) CertSecretRef specifies the Secret containinga PEM-encoded CA certificate (in the 'ca.crt' key).Note: Support for the 'caFile' key hasbeen deprecated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cert_secret_ref))
- `channel` (String) Channel specifies the destination channel where events should be posted.
- `interval` (String) Interval at which to reconcile the Provider with its Secret references.
- `proxy` (String) Proxy the HTTP/S address of the proxy server.
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) SecretRef specifies the Secret containing the authenticationcredentials for this Provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--secret_ref))
- `suspend` (Boolean) Suspend tells the controller to suspend subsequentevents handling for this Provider.
- `timeout` (String) Timeout for sending alerts to the Provider.
- `username` (String) Username specifies the name under which events are posted.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cert_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cert_secret_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.secret_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.
