---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_notification_toolkit_fluxcd_io_alert_v1beta2 Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "notification.toolkit.fluxcd.io"
description: |-
  Alert is the Schema for the alerts API
---

# k8s_notification_toolkit_fluxcd_io_alert_v1beta2 (Data Source)

Alert is the Schema for the alerts API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_notification_toolkit_fluxcd_io_alert_v1beta2" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) The API group of the requested resource.
- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `kind` (String) The type of the requested resource.
- `spec` (Attributes) AlertSpec defines an alerting rule for events involving a list of objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Read-Only:

- `event_metadata` (Map of String) EventMetadata is an optional field for adding metadata to events dispatched by the controller. This can be used for enhancing the context of the event. If a field would override one already present on the original event as generated by the emitter, then the override doesn't happen, i.e. the original value is preserved, and an info log is printed.
- `event_severity` (String) EventSeverity specifies how to filter events based on severity. If set to 'info' no events will be filtered.
- `event_sources` (Attributes List) EventSources specifies how to filter events based on the involved object kind, name and namespace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--event_sources))
- `exclusion_list` (List of String) ExclusionList specifies a list of Golang regular expressions to be used for excluding messages.
- `inclusion_list` (List of String) InclusionList specifies a list of Golang regular expressions to be used for including messages.
- `provider_ref` (Attributes) ProviderRef specifies which Provider this Alert should use. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider_ref))
- `summary` (String) Summary holds a short description of the impact and affected cluster.
- `suspend` (Boolean) Suspend tells the controller to suspend subsequent events handling for this Alert.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--event_sources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.event_sources`

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent
- `match_labels` (Map of String) MatchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed. MatchLabels requires the name to be set to '*'.
- `name` (String) Name of the referent If multiple resources are targeted '*' may be set.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent


<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_ref`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.
