---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_ocmagent_managed_openshift_io_ocm_agent_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "ocmagent.managed.openshift.io"
description: |-
  OcmAgent is the Schema for the ocmagents API
---

# k8s_ocmagent_managed_openshift_io_ocm_agent_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

OcmAgent is the Schema for the ocmagents API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_ocmagent_managed_openshift_io_ocm_agent_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) OcmAgentSpec defines the desired state of OcmAgent (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `agent_config` (Attributes) AgentConfig refers to OCM agent config fields separated (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--agent_config))
- `ocm_agent_image` (String) OcmAgentImage defines the image which will be used by the OCM Agent
- `replicas` (Number) Replicas defines the replica count for the OCM Agent service
- `token_secret` (String) TokenSecret points to the secret name which stores the access token to OCM server

Optional:

- `fleet_mode` (Boolean) FleetMode indicates if the OCM agent is running in fleet mode, default to false

<a id="nestedatt--spec--agent_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.agent_config`

Required:

- `ocm_base_url` (String) OcmBaseUrl defines the OCM api endpoint for OCM agent to access
- `services` (List of String) Services defines the supported OCM services, eg, service_log, cluster_management
