---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_ocmagent_managed_openshift_io_managed_notification_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "ocmagent.managed.openshift.io"
description: |-
  ManagedNotification is the Schema for the managednotifications API
---

# k8s_ocmagent_managed_openshift_io_managed_notification_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

ManagedNotification is the Schema for the managednotifications API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_ocmagent_managed_openshift_io_managed_notification_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) ManagedNotificationSpec defines the desired state of ManagedNotification (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `notifications` (Attributes List) AgentConfig refers to OCM agent config fields separated (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--notifications))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--notifications"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.notifications`

Required:

- `active_body` (String) The body text of the Service Log notification when the alert is active
- `name` (String) The name of the notification used to associate with an alert
- `resend_wait` (Number) Measured in hours. The minimum time interval that must elapse between active Service Log notifications
- `severity` (String) The severity of the Service Log notification
- `summary` (String) The summary line of the Service Log notification

Optional:

- `log_type` (String) LogType is a categorization property that can be used to group service logs for aggregation and managing notification preferences.
- `references` (List of String) References useful for context or remediation - this could be links to documentation, KB articles, etc
- `resolved_body` (String) The body text of the Service Log notification when the alert is resolved
