---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_opensearchservice_services_k8s_aws_domain_v1alpha1 Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "opensearchservice.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  Domain is the Schema for the Domains API
---

# k8s_opensearchservice_services_k8s_aws_domain_v1alpha1 (Data Source)

Domain is the Schema for the Domains API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_opensearchservice_services_k8s_aws_domain_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) The API group of the requested resource.
- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `kind` (String) The type of the requested resource.
- `spec` (Attributes) DomainSpec defines the desired state of Domain. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Read-Only:

- `access_policies` (String) IAM access policy as a JSON-formatted string.
- `advanced_options` (Map of String) Option to allow references to indices in an HTTP request body. Must be false when configuring access to individual sub-resources. By default, the value is true. See Advanced cluster parameters (http://docs.aws.amazon.com/opensearch-service/latest/developerguide/createupdatedomains.html#createdomain-configure-advanced-options) for more information.
- `advanced_security_options` (Attributes) Specifies advanced security options. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--advanced_security_options))
- `auto_tune_options` (Attributes) Specifies Auto-Tune options. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--auto_tune_options))
- `cluster_config` (Attributes) Configuration options for a domain. Specifies the instance type and number of instances in the domain. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_config))
- `cognito_options` (Attributes) Options to specify the Cognito user and identity pools for OpenSearch Dashboards authentication. For more information, see Configuring Amazon Cognito authentication for OpenSearch Dashboards (http://docs.aws.amazon.com/opensearch-service/latest/developerguide/cognito-auth.html). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cognito_options))
- `domain_endpoint_options` (Attributes) Options to specify configurations that will be applied to the domain endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--domain_endpoint_options))
- `ebs_options` (Attributes) Options to enable, disable, and specify the type and size of EBS storage volumes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ebs_options))
- `encryption_at_rest_options` (Attributes) Options for encryption of data at rest. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--encryption_at_rest_options))
- `engine_version` (String) String of format Elasticsearch_X.Y or OpenSearch_X.Y to specify the engine version for the Amazon OpenSearch Service domain. For example, 'OpenSearch_1.0' or 'Elasticsearch_7.9'. For more information, see Creating and managing Amazon OpenSearch Service domains (http://docs.aws.amazon.com/opensearch-service/latest/developerguide/createupdatedomains.html#createdomains).
- `log_publishing_options` (Attributes) Map of LogType and LogPublishingOption, each containing options to publish a given type of OpenSearch log. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--log_publishing_options))
- `name` (String) The name of the Amazon OpenSearch Service domain you're creating. Domain names are unique across the domains owned by an account within an AWS region. Domain names must start with a lowercase letter and can contain the following characters: a-z (lowercase), 0-9, and - (hyphen).
- `node_to_node_encryption_options` (Attributes) Node-to-node encryption options. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--node_to_node_encryption_options))
- `tags` (Attributes List) A list of Tag added during domain creation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tags))
- `vpc_options` (Attributes) Options to specify the subnets and security groups for a VPC endpoint. For more information, see Launching your Amazon OpenSearch Service domains using a VPC (http://docs.aws.amazon.com/opensearch-service/latest/developerguide/vpc.html). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vpc_options))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--advanced_security_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.advanced_security_options`

Read-Only:

- `anonymous_auth_enabled` (Boolean)
- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `internal_user_database_enabled` (Boolean)
- `master_user_options` (Attributes) Credentials for the master user: username and password, ARN, or both. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--advanced_security_options--master_user_options))
- `s_aml_options` (Attributes) The SAML application configuration for the domain. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--advanced_security_options--s_aml_options))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--advanced_security_options--master_user_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.advanced_security_options.master_user_options`

Read-Only:

- `master_user_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the domain. See Identifiers for IAM Entities (http://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/index.html) in Using AWS Identity and Access Management for more information.
- `master_user_name` (String)
- `master_user_password` (Attributes) SecretKeyReference combines a k8s corev1.SecretReference with a specific key within the referred-to Secret (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--advanced_security_options--master_user_options--master_user_password))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--advanced_security_options--master_user_options--master_user_password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.advanced_security_options.master_user_options.master_user_password`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Key is the key within the secret
- `name` (String) name is unique within a namespace to reference a secret resource.
- `namespace` (String) namespace defines the space within which the secret name must be unique.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--advanced_security_options--s_aml_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.advanced_security_options.s_aml_options`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `idp` (Attributes) The SAML identity povider's information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--advanced_security_options--s_aml_options--idp))
- `master_backend_role` (String)
- `master_user_name` (String)
- `roles_key` (String)
- `session_timeout_minutes` (Number)
- `subject_key` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--advanced_security_options--s_aml_options--idp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.advanced_security_options.s_aml_options.subject_key`

Read-Only:

- `entity_id` (String)
- `metadata_content` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--spec--auto_tune_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.auto_tune_options`

Read-Only:

- `desired_state` (String) The Auto-Tune desired state. Valid values are ENABLED and DISABLED.
- `maintenance_schedules` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--auto_tune_options--maintenance_schedules))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--auto_tune_options--maintenance_schedules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.auto_tune_options.maintenance_schedules`

Read-Only:

- `cron_expression_for_recurrence` (String)
- `duration` (Attributes) The maintenance schedule duration: duration value and duration unit. See Auto-Tune for Amazon OpenSearch Service (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/opensearch-service/latest/developerguide/auto-tune.html) for more information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--auto_tune_options--maintenance_schedules--duration))
- `start_at` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--auto_tune_options--maintenance_schedules--duration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.auto_tune_options.maintenance_schedules.start_at`

Read-Only:

- `unit` (String) The unit of a maintenance schedule duration. Valid value is HOUR. See Auto-Tune for Amazon OpenSearch Service (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/opensearch-service/latest/developerguide/auto-tune.html) for more information.
- `value` (Number) Integer to specify the value of a maintenance schedule duration. See Auto-Tune for Amazon OpenSearch Service (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/opensearch-service/latest/developerguide/auto-tune.html) for more information.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_config`

Read-Only:

- `cold_storage_options` (Attributes) Specifies the configuration for cold storage options such as enabled (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_config--cold_storage_options))
- `dedicated_master_count` (Number)
- `dedicated_master_enabled` (Boolean)
- `dedicated_master_type` (String)
- `instance_count` (Number)
- `instance_type` (String)
- `warm_count` (Number)
- `warm_enabled` (Boolean)
- `warm_type` (String)
- `zone_awareness_config` (Attributes) The zone awareness configuration for the domain cluster, such as the number of availability zones. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_config--zone_awareness_config))
- `zone_awareness_enabled` (Boolean)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_config--cold_storage_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_config.cold_storage_options`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_config--zone_awareness_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_config.zone_awareness_config`

Read-Only:

- `availability_zone_count` (Number)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--cognito_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cognito_options`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `identity_pool_id` (String)
- `role_arn` (String)
- `user_pool_id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--domain_endpoint_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.domain_endpoint_options`

Read-Only:

- `custom_endpoint` (String)
- `custom_endpoint_certificate_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the domain. See Identifiers for IAM Entities (http://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/index.html) in Using AWS Identity and Access Management for more information.
- `custom_endpoint_enabled` (Boolean)
- `enforce_https` (Boolean)
- `tls_security_policy` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--ebs_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ebs_options`

Read-Only:

- `ebs_enabled` (Boolean)
- `iops` (Number)
- `throughput` (Number)
- `volume_size` (Number)
- `volume_type` (String) The type of EBS volume, standard, gp2, gp3 or io1. See Configuring EBS-based Storage (http://docs.aws.amazon.com/opensearch-service/latest/developerguide/opensearch-createupdatedomains.html#opensearch-createdomain-configure-ebs) for more information.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--encryption_at_rest_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.encryption_at_rest_options`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `kms_key_id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--log_publishing_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.log_publishing_options`

Read-Only:

- `cloud_watch_logs_log_group_arn` (String) ARN of the Cloudwatch log group to publish logs to.
- `enabled` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--node_to_node_encryption_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.node_to_node_encryption_options`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) A string of length from 1 to 128 characters that specifies the key for a tag. Tag keys must be unique for the domain to which they're attached.
- `value` (String) A string of length from 0 to 256 characters that specifies the value for a tag. Tag values can be null and don't have to be unique in a tag set.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--vpc_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vpc_options`

Read-Only:

- `security_group_i_ds` (List of String)
- `subnet_i_ds` (List of String)
