---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_operator_victoriametrics_com_vm_rule_v1beta1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "operator.victoriametrics.com"
description: |-
  VMRule defines rule records for vmalert application
---

# k8s_operator_victoriametrics_com_vm_rule_v1beta1_manifest (Data Source)

VMRule defines rule records for vmalert application

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_operator_victoriametrics_com_vm_rule_v1beta1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) VMRuleSpec defines the desired state of VMRule (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `groups` (Attributes List) Groups list of group rules (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--groups))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.groups`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of group
- `rules` (Attributes List) Rules list of alert rules (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--groups--rules))

Optional:

- `concurrency` (Number) Concurrency defines how many rules execute at once.
- `extra_filter_labels` (Map of String) ExtraFilterLabels optional list of label filters applied to every rule's request withing a group. Is compatible only with VM datasource. See more details at https://docs.victoriametrics.com#prometheus-querying-api-enhancements Deprecated, use params instead
- `headers` (List of String) Headers contains optional HTTP headers added to each rule request Must be in form 'header-name: value' For example: headers: - 'CustomHeader: foo' - 'CustomHeader2: bar'
- `interval` (String) evaluation interval for group
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels optional list of labels added to every rule within a group. It has priority over the external labels. Labels are commonly used for adding environment or tenant-specific tag.
- `limit` (Number) Limit the number of alerts an alerting rule and series a recording rule can produce
- `notifier_headers` (List of String) NotifierHeaders contains optional HTTP headers added to each alert request which will send to notifier Must be in form 'header-name: value' For example: headers: - 'CustomHeader: foo' - 'CustomHeader2: bar'
- `params` (Map of List of String) Params optional HTTP URL parameters added to each rule request
- `tenant` (String) Tenant id for group, can be used only with enterprise version of vmalert See more details at https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert.html#multitenancy
- `type` (String) Type defines datasource type for enterprise version of vmalert possible values - prometheus,graphite

<a id="nestedatt--spec--groups--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.groups.rules`

Optional:

- `alert` (String) Alert is a name for alert
- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations will be added to rule configuration
- `debug` (Boolean) Debug enables logging for rule it useful for tracking
- `expr` (String) Expr is query, that will be evaluated at dataSource
- `for` (String) For evaluation interval in time.Duration format 30s, 1m, 1h or nanoseconds
- `keep_firing_for` (String) KeepFiringFor will make alert continue firing for this long even when the alerting expression no longer has results. Use time.Duration format, 30s, 1m, 1h or nanoseconds
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels will be added to rule configuration
- `record` (String) Record represents a query, that will be recorded to dataSource
- `update_entries_limit` (Number) UpdateEntriesLimit defines max number of rule's state updates stored in memory. Overrides '-rule.updateEntriesLimit' in vmalert.
