---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_operator_victoriametrics_com_v_logs_v1beta1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "operator.victoriametrics.com"
description: |-
  VLogs is the Schema for the vlogs API
---

# k8s_operator_victoriametrics_com_v_logs_v1beta1_manifest (Data Source)

VLogs is the Schema for the vlogs API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_operator_victoriametrics_com_v_logs_v1beta1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) VLogsSpec defines the desired state of VLogs (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `retention_period` (String) RetentionPeriod for the stored logs

Optional:

- `affinity` (Map of String) Affinity If specified, the pod's scheduling constraints.
- `config_maps` (List of String) ConfigMaps is a list of ConfigMaps in the same namespace as the Application object, which shall be mounted into the Application container at /etc/vm/configs/CONFIGMAP_NAME folder
- `containers` (List of Map of String) Containers property allows to inject additions sidecars or to patch existing containers. It can be useful for proxies, backup, etc.
- `disable_self_service_scrape` (Boolean) DisableSelfServiceScrape controls creation of VMServiceScrape by operator for the application. Has priority over 'VM_DISABLESELFSERVICESCRAPECREATION' operator env variable
- `dns_config` (Attributes) Specifies the DNS parameters of a pod. Parameters specified here will be merged to the generated DNS configuration based on DNSPolicy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--dns_config))
- `dns_policy` (String) DNSPolicy sets DNS policy for the pod
- `extra_args` (Map of String) ExtraArgs that will be passed to the application container for example remoteWrite.tmpDataPath: /tmp
- `extra_envs` (List of Map of String) ExtraEnvs that will be passed to the application container
- `future_retention` (String) FutureRetention for the stored logs Log entries with timestamps bigger than now+futureRetention are rejected during data ingestion; see https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/#retention
- `host_aliases` (Attributes List) HostAliases provides mapping for ip and hostname, that would be propagated to pod, cannot be used with HostNetwork. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--host_aliases))
- `host_network` (Boolean) HostNetwork controls whether the pod may use the node network namespace
- `image` (Attributes) Image - docker image settings if no specified operator uses default version from operator config (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--image))
- `image_pull_secrets` (Attributes List) ImagePullSecrets An optional list of references to secrets in the same namespace to use for pulling images from registries see https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images/#referring-to-an-imagepullsecrets-on-a-pod (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--image_pull_secrets))
- `init_containers` (List of Map of String) InitContainers allows adding initContainers to the pod definition. Any errors during the execution of an initContainer will lead to a restart of the Pod. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/init-containers/
- `liveness_probe` (Map of String) LivenessProbe that will be added CRD pod
- `log_format` (String) LogFormat for VLogs to be configured with.
- `log_ingested_rows` (Boolean) Whether to log all the ingested log entries; this can be useful for debugging of data ingestion; see https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/data-ingestion/
- `log_level` (String) LogLevel for VictoriaLogs to be configured with.
- `log_new_streams` (Boolean) LogNewStreams Whether to log creation of new streams; this can be useful for debugging of high cardinality issues with log streams; see https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/keyconcepts/#stream-fields
- `min_ready_seconds` (Number) MinReadySeconds defines a minim number os seconds to wait before starting update next pod if previous in healthy state Has no effect for VLogs and VMSingle
- `node_selector` (Map of String) NodeSelector Define which Nodes the Pods are scheduled on.
- `paused` (Boolean) Paused If set to true all actions on the underlying managed objects are not going to be performed, except for delete actions.
- `pod_metadata` (Attributes) PodMetadata configures Labels and Annotations which are propagated to the VLogs pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_metadata))
- `port` (String) Port listen address
- `priority_class_name` (String) PriorityClassName class assigned to the Pods
- `readiness_gates` (Attributes List) ReadinessGates defines pod readiness gates (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--readiness_gates))
- `readiness_probe` (Map of String) ReadinessProbe that will be added CRD pod
- `remove_pvc_after_delete` (Boolean) RemovePvcAfterDelete - if true, controller adds ownership to pvc and after VLogs object deletion - pvc will be garbage collected by controller manager
- `replica_count` (Number) ReplicaCount is the expected size of the Application.
- `resources` (Attributes) Resources container resource request and limits, https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/ if not defined default resources from operator config will be used (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources))
- `revision_history_limit_count` (Number) The number of old ReplicaSets to retain to allow rollback in deployment or maximum number of revisions that will be maintained in the Deployment revision history. Has no effect at StatefulSets Defaults to 10.
- `runtime_class_name` (String) RuntimeClassName - defines runtime class for kubernetes pod. https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/runtime-class/
- `scheduler_name` (String) SchedulerName - defines kubernetes scheduler name
- `secrets` (List of String) Secrets is a list of Secrets in the same namespace as the Application object, which shall be mounted into the Application container at /etc/vm/secrets/SECRET_NAME folder
- `security_context` (Map of String) SecurityContext holds pod-level security attributes and common container settings. This defaults to the default PodSecurityContext.
- `service_account_name` (String) ServiceAccountName is the name of the ServiceAccount to use to run the pods
- `service_scrape_spec` (Map of String) ServiceScrapeSpec that will be added to vlogs VMServiceScrape spec
- `service_spec` (Attributes) ServiceSpec that will be added to vlogs service spec (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--service_spec))
- `startup_probe` (Map of String) StartupProbe that will be added to CRD pod
- `storage` (Attributes) Storage is the definition of how storage will be used by the VLogs by default it's empty dir (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage))
- `storage_data_path` (String) StorageDataPath disables spec.storage option and overrides arg for victoria-logs binary --storageDataPath, its users responsibility to mount proper device into given path.
- `storage_metadata` (Attributes) StorageMeta defines annotations and labels attached to PVC for given vlogs CR (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage_metadata))
- `termination_grace_period_seconds` (Number) TerminationGracePeriodSeconds period for container graceful termination
- `tolerations` (Attributes List) Tolerations If specified, the pod's tolerations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tolerations))
- `topology_spread_constraints` (List of Map of String) TopologySpreadConstraints embedded kubernetes pod configuration option, controls how pods are spread across your cluster among failure-domains such as regions, zones, nodes, and other user-defined topology domains https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-topology-spread-constraints/
- `use_default_resources` (Boolean) UseDefaultResources controls resource settings By default, operator sets built-in resource requirements
- `use_strict_security` (Boolean) UseStrictSecurity enables strict security mode for component it restricts disk writes access uses non-root user out of the box drops not needed security permissions
- `volume_mounts` (Attributes List) VolumeMounts allows configuration of additional VolumeMounts on the output Deployment/StatefulSet definition. VolumeMounts specified will be appended to other VolumeMounts in the Application container (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume_mounts))
- `volumes` (List of Map of String) Volumes allows configuration of additional volumes on the output Deployment/StatefulSet definition. Volumes specified will be appended to other volumes that are generated. / +optional

<a id="nestedatt--spec--dns_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.dns_config`

Optional:

- `nameservers` (List of String) A list of DNS name server IP addresses. This will be appended to the base nameservers generated from DNSPolicy. Duplicated nameservers will be removed.
- `options` (Attributes List) A list of DNS resolver options. This will be merged with the base options generated from DNSPolicy. Duplicated entries will be removed. Resolution options given in Options will override those that appear in the base DNSPolicy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--dns_config--options))
- `searches` (List of String) A list of DNS search domains for host-name lookup. This will be appended to the base search paths generated from DNSPolicy. Duplicated search paths will be removed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--dns_config--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.dns_config.options`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Required.
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--host_aliases"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.host_aliases`

Required:

- `ip` (String) IP address of the host file entry.

Optional:

- `hostnames` (List of String) Hostnames for the above IP address.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--image"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.image`

Optional:

- `pull_policy` (String) PullPolicy describes how to pull docker image
- `repository` (String) Repository contains name of docker image + it's repository if needed
- `tag` (String) Tag contains desired docker image version


<a id="nestedatt--spec--image_pull_secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.image_pull_secrets`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. This field is effectively required, but due to backwards compatibility is allowed to be empty. Instances of this type with an empty value here are almost certainly wrong. TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid? More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Drop 'kubebuilder:default' when controller-gen doesn't need it https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder/issues/3896.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata. They are not queryable and should be preserved when modifying objects. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize (scope and select) objects. May match selectors of replication controllers and services. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels
- `name` (String) Name must be unique within a namespace. Is required when creating resources, although some resources may allow a client to request the generation of an appropriate name automatically. Name is primarily intended for creation idempotence and configuration definition. Cannot be updated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names#names


<a id="nestedatt--spec--readiness_gates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.readiness_gates`

Required:

- `condition_type` (String) ConditionType refers to a condition in the pod's condition list with matching type.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims, that are used by this container. This is an alpha field and requires enabling the DynamicResourceAllocation feature gate. This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources.claims`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims of the Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource available inside a container.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--service_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.service_spec`

Required:

- `spec` (Map of String) ServiceSpec describes the attributes that a user creates on a service. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/

Optional:

- `metadata` (Attributes) EmbeddedObjectMetadata defines objectMeta for additional service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--service_spec--metadata))
- `use_as_default` (Boolean) UseAsDefault applies changes from given service definition to the main object Service Changing from headless service to clusterIP or loadbalancer may break cross-component communication

<a id="nestedatt--spec--service_spec--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.service_spec.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata. They are not queryable and should be preserved when modifying objects. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize (scope and select) objects. May match selectors of replication controllers and services. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels
- `name` (String) Name must be unique within a namespace. Is required when creating resources, although some resources may allow a client to request the generation of an appropriate name automatically. Name is primarily intended for creation idempotence and configuration definition. Cannot be updated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names#names



<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage`

Optional:

- `access_modes` (List of String) accessModes contains the desired access modes the volume should have. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#access-modes-1
- `data_source` (Attributes) dataSource field can be used to specify either: * An existing VolumeSnapshot object (snapshot.storage.k8s.io/VolumeSnapshot) * An existing PVC (PersistentVolumeClaim) If the provisioner or an external controller can support the specified data source, it will create a new volume based on the contents of the specified data source. When the AnyVolumeDataSource feature gate is enabled, dataSource contents will be copied to dataSourceRef, and dataSourceRef contents will be copied to dataSource when dataSourceRef.namespace is not specified. If the namespace is specified, then dataSourceRef will not be copied to dataSource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--data_source))
- `data_source_ref` (Attributes) dataSourceRef specifies the object from which to populate the volume with data, if a non-empty volume is desired. This may be any object from a non-empty API group (non core object) or a PersistentVolumeClaim object. When this field is specified, volume binding will only succeed if the type of the specified object matches some installed volume populator or dynamic provisioner. This field will replace the functionality of the dataSource field and as such if both fields are non-empty, they must have the same value. For backwards compatibility, when namespace isn't specified in dataSourceRef, both fields (dataSource and dataSourceRef) will be set to the same value automatically if one of them is empty and the other is non-empty. When namespace is specified in dataSourceRef, dataSource isn't set to the same value and must be empty. There are three important differences between dataSource and dataSourceRef: * While dataSource only allows two specific types of objects, dataSourceRef allows any non-core object, as well as PersistentVolumeClaim objects. * While dataSource ignores disallowed values (dropping them), dataSourceRef preserves all values, and generates an error if a disallowed value is specified. * While dataSource only allows local objects, dataSourceRef allows objects in any namespaces. (Beta) Using this field requires the AnyVolumeDataSource feature gate to be enabled. (Alpha) Using the namespace field of dataSourceRef requires the CrossNamespaceVolumeDataSource feature gate to be enabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--data_source_ref))
- `resources` (Attributes) resources represents the minimum resources the volume should have. If RecoverVolumeExpansionFailure feature is enabled users are allowed to specify resource requirements that are lower than previous value but must still be higher than capacity recorded in the status field of the claim. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#resources (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--resources))
- `selector` (Attributes) selector is a label query over volumes to consider for binding. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--selector))
- `storage_class_name` (String) storageClassName is the name of the StorageClass required by the claim. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#class-1
- `volume_attributes_class_name` (String) volumeAttributesClassName may be used to set the VolumeAttributesClass used by this claim. If specified, the CSI driver will create or update the volume with the attributes defined in the corresponding VolumeAttributesClass. This has a different purpose than storageClassName, it can be changed after the claim is created. An empty string value means that no VolumeAttributesClass will be applied to the claim but it's not allowed to reset this field to empty string once it is set. If unspecified and the PersistentVolumeClaim is unbound, the default VolumeAttributesClass will be set by the persistentvolume controller if it exists. If the resource referred to by volumeAttributesClass does not exist, this PersistentVolumeClaim will be set to a Pending state, as reflected by the modifyVolumeStatus field, until such as a resource exists. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volume-attributes-classes/ (Alpha) Using this field requires the VolumeAttributesClass feature gate to be enabled.
- `volume_mode` (String) volumeMode defines what type of volume is required by the claim. Value of Filesystem is implied when not included in claim spec.
- `volume_name` (String) volumeName is the binding reference to the PersistentVolume backing this claim.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--data_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.data_source`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind is the type of resource being referenced
- `name` (String) Name is the name of resource being referenced

Optional:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup is the group for the resource being referenced. If APIGroup is not specified, the specified Kind must be in the core API group. For any other third-party types, APIGroup is required.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--data_source_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.data_source_ref`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind is the type of resource being referenced
- `name` (String) Name is the name of resource being referenced

Optional:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup is the group for the resource being referenced. If APIGroup is not specified, the specified Kind must be in the core API group. For any other third-party types, APIGroup is required.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of resource being referenced Note that when a namespace is specified, a gateway.networking.k8s.io/ReferenceGrant object is required in the referent namespace to allow that namespace's owner to accept the reference. See the ReferenceGrant documentation for details. (Alpha) This field requires the CrossNamespaceVolumeDataSource feature gate to be enabled.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.resources`

Optional:

- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage_metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata. They are not queryable and should be preserved when modifying objects. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize (scope and select) objects. May match selectors of replication controllers and services. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels
- `name` (String) Name must be unique within a namespace. Is required when creating resources, although some resources may allow a client to request the generation of an appropriate name automatically. Name is primarily intended for creation idempotence and configuration definition. Cannot be updated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names#names


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tolerations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tolerations`

Optional:

- `effect` (String) Effect indicates the taint effect to match. Empty means match all taint effects. When specified, allowed values are NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Key is the taint key that the toleration applies to. Empty means match all taint keys. If the key is empty, operator must be Exists; this combination means to match all values and all keys.
- `operator` (String) Operator represents a key's relationship to the value. Valid operators are Exists and Equal. Defaults to Equal. Exists is equivalent to wildcard for value, so that a pod can tolerate all taints of a particular category.
- `toleration_seconds` (Number) TolerationSeconds represents the period of time the toleration (which must be of effect NoExecute, otherwise this field is ignored) tolerates the taint. By default, it is not set, which means tolerate the taint forever (do not evict). Zero and negative values will be treated as 0 (evict immediately) by the system.
- `value` (String) Value is the taint value the toleration matches to. If the operator is Exists, the value should be empty, otherwise just a regular string.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume_mounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume_mounts`

Required:

- `mount_path` (String) Path within the container at which the volume should be mounted. Must not contain ':'.
- `name` (String) This must match the Name of a Volume.

Optional:

- `mount_propagation` (String) mountPropagation determines how mounts are propagated from the host to container and the other way around. When not set, MountPropagationNone is used. This field is beta in 1.10. When RecursiveReadOnly is set to IfPossible or to Enabled, MountPropagation must be None or unspecified (which defaults to None).
- `read_only` (Boolean) Mounted read-only if true, read-write otherwise (false or unspecified). Defaults to false.
- `recursive_read_only` (String) RecursiveReadOnly specifies whether read-only mounts should be handled recursively. If ReadOnly is false, this field has no meaning and must be unspecified. If ReadOnly is true, and this field is set to Disabled, the mount is not made recursively read-only. If this field is set to IfPossible, the mount is made recursively read-only, if it is supported by the container runtime. If this field is set to Enabled, the mount is made recursively read-only if it is supported by the container runtime, otherwise the pod will not be started and an error will be generated to indicate the reason. If this field is set to IfPossible or Enabled, MountPropagation must be set to None (or be unspecified, which defaults to None). If this field is not specified, it is treated as an equivalent of Disabled.
- `sub_path` (String) Path within the volume from which the container's volume should be mounted. Defaults to '' (volume's root).
- `sub_path_expr` (String) Expanded path within the volume from which the container's volume should be mounted. Behaves similarly to SubPath but environment variable references $(VAR_NAME) are expanded using the container's environment. Defaults to '' (volume's root). SubPathExpr and SubPath are mutually exclusive.
