---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_operator_marin3r_3scale_net_envoy_deployment_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "operator.marin3r.3scale.net"
description: |-
  EnvoyDeployment is a resource to deploy and manage a Kubernetes Deployment of Envoy Pods.
---

# k8s_operator_marin3r_3scale_net_envoy_deployment_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

EnvoyDeployment is a resource to deploy and manage a Kubernetes Deployment of Envoy Pods.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_operator_marin3r_3scale_net_envoy_deployment_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) EnvoyDeploymentSpec defines the desired state of EnvoyDeployment (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `discovery_service_ref` (String) DiscoveryServiceRef points to a DiscoveryService in the same namespace
- `envoy_config_ref` (String) EnvoyConfigRef points to an EnvoyConfig in the same namespace that holds the envoy resources for this Deployment

Optional:

- `admin_access_log_path` (String) Configures envoy's admin access log path. Defaults to /dev/null.
- `admin_port` (Number) Configures envoy's admin port. Defaults to 9901.
- `affinity` (Attributes) Affinity configuration for the envoy pods (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity))
- `cluster_id` (String) Defines the local service cluster name where Envoy is running. Defaults to the NodeID in the EnvoyConfig if unset
- `duration` (String) Defines the duration of the client certificate that is used to authenticate with the DiscoveryService
- `extra_args` (List of String) Allows the user to define extra command line arguments for the Envoy process
- `image` (String) Image is the envoy image and tag to use
- `init_manager` (Attributes) InitManager defines configuration for Envoy's init manager, which handles initialization for Envoy pods (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_manager))
- `liveness_probe` (Attributes) Liveness probe for the envoy pods (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--liveness_probe))
- `pod_disruption_budget` (Attributes) Configures PodDisruptionBudget for the envoy Pods (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_disruption_budget))
- `ports` (Attributes List) Ports exposed by the Envoy container (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ports))
- `readiness_probe` (Attributes) Readiness probe for the envoy pods (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--readiness_probe))
- `replicas` (Attributes) Replicas configures the number of replicas in the Deployment. One of 'static', 'dynamic' can be set. If both are set, static has precedence. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--replicas))
- `resources` (Attributes) Resources holds the resource requirements to use for the Envoy Deployment. Defaults to no resource requests nor limits. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources))
- `shutdown_manager` (Attributes) ShutdownManager defines configuration for Envoy's shutdown manager, which handles graceful termination of Envoy pods (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--shutdown_manager))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity`

Optional:

- `node_affinity` (Attributes) Describes node affinity scheduling rules for the pod. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity))
- `pod_affinity` (Attributes) Describes pod affinity scheduling rules (e.g. co-locate this pod in the same node, zone, etc. as some other pod(s)). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity))
- `pod_anti_affinity` (Attributes) Describes pod anti-affinity scheduling rules (e.g. avoid putting this pod in the same node, zone, etc. as some other pod(s)). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) The scheduler will prefer to schedule pods to nodes that satisfy the affinity expressions specified by this field, but it may choose a node that violates one or more of the expressions. The node that is most preferred is the one with the greatest sum of weights, i.e. for each node that meets all of the scheduling requirements (resource request, requiredDuringScheduling affinity expressions, etc.), compute a sum by iterating through the elements of this field and adding 'weight' to the sum if the node matches the corresponding matchExpressions; the node(s) with the highest sum are the most preferred. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes) If the affinity requirements specified by this field are not met at scheduling time, the pod will not be scheduled onto the node. If the affinity requirements specified by this field cease to be met at some point during pod execution (e.g. due to an update), the system may or may not try to eventually evict the pod from its node. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `preference` (Attributes) A node selector term, associated with the corresponding weight. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference))
- `weight` (Number) Weight associated with matching the corresponding nodeSelectorTerm, in the range 1-100.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.preference`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's labels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_expressions))
- `match_fields` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_fields))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.preference.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.preference.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `node_selector_terms` (Attributes List) Required. A list of node selector terms. The terms are ORed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's labels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_expressions))
- `match_fields` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_fields))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) The scheduler will prefer to schedule pods to nodes that satisfy the affinity expressions specified by this field, but it may choose a node that violates one or more of the expressions. The node that is most preferred is the one with the greatest sum of weights, i.e. for each node that meets all of the scheduling requirements (resource request, requiredDuringScheduling affinity expressions, etc.), compute a sum by iterating through the elements of this field and adding 'weight' to the sum if the node has pods which matches the corresponding podAffinityTerm; the node(s) with the highest sum are the most preferred. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) If the affinity requirements specified by this field are not met at scheduling time, the pod will not be scheduled onto the node. If the affinity requirements specified by this field cease to be met at some point during pod execution (e.g. due to a pod label update), the system may or may not try to eventually evict the pod from its node. When there are multiple elements, the lists of nodes corresponding to each podAffinityTerm are intersected, i.e. all terms must be satisfied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `pod_affinity_term` (Attributes) Required. A pod affinity term, associated with the corresponding weight. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term))
- `weight` (Number) weight associated with matching the corresponding podAffinityTerm, in the range 1-100.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matching the labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a node whose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of the selected pods is running. Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods. If it's null, this PodAffinityTerm matches with no Pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector))
- `match_label_keys` (List of String) MatchLabelKeys is a set of pod label keys to select which pods will be taken into consideration. The keys are used to lookup values from the incoming pod labels, those key-value labels are merged with 'LabelSelector' as 'key in (value)' to select the group of existing pods which pods will be taken into consideration for the incoming pod's pod (anti) affinity. Keys that don't exist in the incoming pod labels will be ignored. The default value is empty. The same key is forbidden to exist in both MatchLabelKeys and LabelSelector. Also, MatchLabelKeys cannot be set when LabelSelector isn't set. This is an alpha field and requires enabling MatchLabelKeysInPodAffinity feature gate.
- `mismatch_label_keys` (List of String) MismatchLabelKeys is a set of pod label keys to select which pods will be taken into consideration. The keys are used to lookup values from the incoming pod labels, those key-value labels are merged with 'LabelSelector' as 'key notin (value)' to select the group of existing pods which pods will be taken into consideration for the incoming pod's pod (anti) affinity. Keys that don't exist in the incoming pod labels will be ignored. The default value is empty. The same key is forbidden to exist in both MismatchLabelKeys and LabelSelector. Also, MismatchLabelKeys cannot be set when LabelSelector isn't set. This is an alpha field and requires enabling MatchLabelKeysInPodAffinity feature gate.
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) A label query over the set of namespaces that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces selected by this field and the ones listed in the namespaces field. null selector and null or empty namespaces list means 'this pod's namespace'. An empty selector ({}) matches all namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies a static list of namespace names that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces listed in this field and the ones selected by namespaceSelector. null or empty namespaces list and null namespaceSelector means 'this pod's namespace'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.label_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matching the labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a node whose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of the selected pods is running. Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods. If it's null, this PodAffinityTerm matches with no Pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector))
- `match_label_keys` (List of String) MatchLabelKeys is a set of pod label keys to select which pods will be taken into consideration. The keys are used to lookup values from the incoming pod labels, those key-value labels are merged with 'LabelSelector' as 'key in (value)' to select the group of existing pods which pods will be taken into consideration for the incoming pod's pod (anti) affinity. Keys that don't exist in the incoming pod labels will be ignored. The default value is empty. The same key is forbidden to exist in both MatchLabelKeys and LabelSelector. Also, MatchLabelKeys cannot be set when LabelSelector isn't set. This is an alpha field and requires enabling MatchLabelKeysInPodAffinity feature gate.
- `mismatch_label_keys` (List of String) MismatchLabelKeys is a set of pod label keys to select which pods will be taken into consideration. The keys are used to lookup values from the incoming pod labels, those key-value labels are merged with 'LabelSelector' as 'key notin (value)' to select the group of existing pods which pods will be taken into consideration for the incoming pod's pod (anti) affinity. Keys that don't exist in the incoming pod labels will be ignored. The default value is empty. The same key is forbidden to exist in both MismatchLabelKeys and LabelSelector. Also, MismatchLabelKeys cannot be set when LabelSelector isn't set. This is an alpha field and requires enabling MatchLabelKeysInPodAffinity feature gate.
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) A label query over the set of namespaces that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces selected by this field and the ones listed in the namespaces field. null selector and null or empty namespaces list means 'this pod's namespace'. An empty selector ({}) matches all namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies a static list of namespace names that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces listed in this field and the ones selected by namespaceSelector. null or empty namespaces list and null namespaceSelector means 'this pod's namespace'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) The scheduler will prefer to schedule pods to nodes that satisfy the anti-affinity expressions specified by this field, but it may choose a node that violates one or more of the expressions. The node that is most preferred is the one with the greatest sum of weights, i.e. for each node that meets all of the scheduling requirements (resource request, requiredDuringScheduling anti-affinity expressions, etc.), compute a sum by iterating through the elements of this field and adding 'weight' to the sum if the node has pods which matches the corresponding podAffinityTerm; the node(s) with the highest sum are the most preferred. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) If the anti-affinity requirements specified by this field are not met at scheduling time, the pod will not be scheduled onto the node. If the anti-affinity requirements specified by this field cease to be met at some point during pod execution (e.g. due to a pod label update), the system may or may not try to eventually evict the pod from its node. When there are multiple elements, the lists of nodes corresponding to each podAffinityTerm are intersected, i.e. all terms must be satisfied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `pod_affinity_term` (Attributes) Required. A pod affinity term, associated with the corresponding weight. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term))
- `weight` (Number) weight associated with matching the corresponding podAffinityTerm, in the range 1-100.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matching the labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a node whose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of the selected pods is running. Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods. If it's null, this PodAffinityTerm matches with no Pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector))
- `match_label_keys` (List of String) MatchLabelKeys is a set of pod label keys to select which pods will be taken into consideration. The keys are used to lookup values from the incoming pod labels, those key-value labels are merged with 'LabelSelector' as 'key in (value)' to select the group of existing pods which pods will be taken into consideration for the incoming pod's pod (anti) affinity. Keys that don't exist in the incoming pod labels will be ignored. The default value is empty. The same key is forbidden to exist in both MatchLabelKeys and LabelSelector. Also, MatchLabelKeys cannot be set when LabelSelector isn't set. This is an alpha field and requires enabling MatchLabelKeysInPodAffinity feature gate.
- `mismatch_label_keys` (List of String) MismatchLabelKeys is a set of pod label keys to select which pods will be taken into consideration. The keys are used to lookup values from the incoming pod labels, those key-value labels are merged with 'LabelSelector' as 'key notin (value)' to select the group of existing pods which pods will be taken into consideration for the incoming pod's pod (anti) affinity. Keys that don't exist in the incoming pod labels will be ignored. The default value is empty. The same key is forbidden to exist in both MismatchLabelKeys and LabelSelector. Also, MismatchLabelKeys cannot be set when LabelSelector isn't set. This is an alpha field and requires enabling MatchLabelKeysInPodAffinity feature gate.
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) A label query over the set of namespaces that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces selected by this field and the ones listed in the namespaces field. null selector and null or empty namespaces list means 'this pod's namespace'. An empty selector ({}) matches all namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies a static list of namespace names that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces listed in this field and the ones selected by namespaceSelector. null or empty namespaces list and null namespaceSelector means 'this pod's namespace'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.label_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matching the labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a node whose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of the selected pods is running. Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods. If it's null, this PodAffinityTerm matches with no Pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector))
- `match_label_keys` (List of String) MatchLabelKeys is a set of pod label keys to select which pods will be taken into consideration. The keys are used to lookup values from the incoming pod labels, those key-value labels are merged with 'LabelSelector' as 'key in (value)' to select the group of existing pods which pods will be taken into consideration for the incoming pod's pod (anti) affinity. Keys that don't exist in the incoming pod labels will be ignored. The default value is empty. The same key is forbidden to exist in both MatchLabelKeys and LabelSelector. Also, MatchLabelKeys cannot be set when LabelSelector isn't set. This is an alpha field and requires enabling MatchLabelKeysInPodAffinity feature gate.
- `mismatch_label_keys` (List of String) MismatchLabelKeys is a set of pod label keys to select which pods will be taken into consideration. The keys are used to lookup values from the incoming pod labels, those key-value labels are merged with 'LabelSelector' as 'key notin (value)' to select the group of existing pods which pods will be taken into consideration for the incoming pod's pod (anti) affinity. Keys that don't exist in the incoming pod labels will be ignored. The default value is empty. The same key is forbidden to exist in both MismatchLabelKeys and LabelSelector. Also, MismatchLabelKeys cannot be set when LabelSelector isn't set. This is an alpha field and requires enabling MatchLabelKeysInPodAffinity feature gate.
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) A label query over the set of namespaces that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces selected by this field and the ones listed in the namespaces field. null selector and null or empty namespaces list means 'this pod's namespace'. An empty selector ({}) matches all namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies a static list of namespace names that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces listed in this field and the ones selected by namespaceSelector. null or empty namespaces list and null namespaceSelector means 'this pod's namespace'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.






<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_manager"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_manager`

Optional:

- `image` (String) Image is the init manager image and tag to use


<a id="nestedatt--spec--liveness_probe"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.liveness_probe`

Required:

- `failure_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive failures for the probe to be considered failed after having succeeded
- `initial_delay_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds after the container has started before liveness probes are initiated
- `period_seconds` (Number) How often (in seconds) to perform the probe
- `success_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive successes for the probe to be considered successful after having failed
- `timeout_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds after which the probe times out


<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_disruption_budget"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_disruption_budget`

Optional:

- `max_unavailable` (String) An eviction is allowed if at most 'maxUnavailable' pods selected by 'selector' are unavailable after the eviction, i.e. even in absence of the evicted pod. For example, one can prevent all voluntary evictions by specifying 0. This is a mutually exclusive setting with 'minAvailable'.
- `min_available` (String) An eviction is allowed if at least 'minAvailable' pods selected by 'selector' will still be available after the eviction, i.e. even in the absence of the evicted pod. So for example you can prevent all voluntary evictions by specifying '100%'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ports`

Required:

- `name` (String) Port name
- `port` (Number) Port value

Optional:

- `protocol` (String) Protocol. Defaults to TCP.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--readiness_probe"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.readiness_probe`

Required:

- `failure_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive failures for the probe to be considered failed after having succeeded
- `initial_delay_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds after the container has started before liveness probes are initiated
- `period_seconds` (Number) How often (in seconds) to perform the probe
- `success_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive successes for the probe to be considered successful after having failed
- `timeout_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds after which the probe times out


<a id="nestedatt--spec--replicas"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.replicas`

Optional:

- `dynamic` (Attributes) Configure a min and max value for the number of pods to autoscale dynamically. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic))
- `static` (Number) Configure a static number of replicas. Defaults to 1.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.replicas.dynamic`

Required:

- `max_replicas` (Number) maxReplicas is the upper limit for the number of replicas to which the autoscaler can scale up. It cannot be less that minReplicas.

Optional:

- `behavior` (Attributes) behavior configures the scaling behavior of the target in both Up and Down directions (scaleUp and scaleDown fields respectively). If not set, the default HPAScalingRules for scale up and scale down are used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic--behavior))
- `metrics` (Attributes List) metrics contains the specifications for which to use to calculate the desired replica count (the maximum replica count across all metrics will be used). The desired replica count is calculated multiplying the ratio between the target value and the current value by the current number of pods. Ergo, metrics used must decrease as the pod count is increased, and vice-versa. See the individual metric source types for more information about how each type of metric must respond. If not set, the default metric will be set to 80% average CPU utilization. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic--metrics))
- `min_replicas` (Number) minReplicas is the lower limit for the number of replicas to which the autoscaler can scale down. It defaults to 1 pod. minReplicas is allowed to be 0 if the alpha feature gate HPAScaleToZero is enabled and at least one Object or External metric is configured. Scaling is active as long as at least one metric value is available.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic--behavior"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.replicas.dynamic.behavior`

Optional:

- `scale_down` (Attributes) scaleDown is scaling policy for scaling Down. If not set, the default value is to allow to scale down to minReplicas pods, with a 300 second stabilization window (i.e., the highest recommendation for the last 300sec is used). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic--behavior--scale_down))
- `scale_up` (Attributes) scaleUp is scaling policy for scaling Up. If not set, the default value is the higher of: * increase no more than 4 pods per 60 seconds * double the number of pods per 60 seconds No stabilization is used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic--behavior--scale_up))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic--behavior--scale_down"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.replicas.dynamic.behavior.scale_down`

Optional:

- `policies` (Attributes List) policies is a list of potential scaling polices which can be used during scaling. At least one policy must be specified, otherwise the HPAScalingRules will be discarded as invalid (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic--behavior--scale_down--policies))
- `select_policy` (String) selectPolicy is used to specify which policy should be used. If not set, the default value Max is used.
- `stabilization_window_seconds` (Number) stabilizationWindowSeconds is the number of seconds for which past recommendations should be considered while scaling up or scaling down. StabilizationWindowSeconds must be greater than or equal to zero and less than or equal to 3600 (one hour). If not set, use the default values: - For scale up: 0 (i.e. no stabilization is done). - For scale down: 300 (i.e. the stabilization window is 300 seconds long).

<a id="nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic--behavior--scale_down--policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.replicas.dynamic.behavior.scale_down.policies`

Required:

- `period_seconds` (Number) periodSeconds specifies the window of time for which the policy should hold true. PeriodSeconds must be greater than zero and less than or equal to 1800 (30 min).
- `type` (String) type is used to specify the scaling policy.
- `value` (Number) value contains the amount of change which is permitted by the policy. It must be greater than zero



<a id="nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic--behavior--scale_up"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.replicas.dynamic.behavior.scale_up`

Optional:

- `policies` (Attributes List) policies is a list of potential scaling polices which can be used during scaling. At least one policy must be specified, otherwise the HPAScalingRules will be discarded as invalid (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic--behavior--scale_up--policies))
- `select_policy` (String) selectPolicy is used to specify which policy should be used. If not set, the default value Max is used.
- `stabilization_window_seconds` (Number) stabilizationWindowSeconds is the number of seconds for which past recommendations should be considered while scaling up or scaling down. StabilizationWindowSeconds must be greater than or equal to zero and less than or equal to 3600 (one hour). If not set, use the default values: - For scale up: 0 (i.e. no stabilization is done). - For scale down: 300 (i.e. the stabilization window is 300 seconds long).

<a id="nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic--behavior--scale_up--policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.replicas.dynamic.behavior.scale_up.policies`

Required:

- `period_seconds` (Number) periodSeconds specifies the window of time for which the policy should hold true. PeriodSeconds must be greater than zero and less than or equal to 1800 (30 min).
- `type` (String) type is used to specify the scaling policy.
- `value` (Number) value contains the amount of change which is permitted by the policy. It must be greater than zero




<a id="nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic--metrics"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.replicas.dynamic.metrics`

Required:

- `type` (String) type is the type of metric source. It should be one of 'ContainerResource', 'External', 'Object', 'Pods' or 'Resource', each mapping to a matching field in the object. Note: 'ContainerResource' type is available on when the feature-gate HPAContainerMetrics is enabled

Optional:

- `container_resource` (Attributes) containerResource refers to a resource metric (such as those specified in requests and limits) known to Kubernetes describing a single container in each pod of the current scale target (e.g. CPU or memory). Such metrics are built in to Kubernetes, and have special scaling options on top of those available to normal per-pod metrics using the 'pods' source. This is an alpha feature and can be enabled by the HPAContainerMetrics feature flag. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic--metrics--container_resource))
- `external` (Attributes) external refers to a global metric that is not associated with any Kubernetes object. It allows autoscaling based on information coming from components running outside of cluster (for example length of queue in cloud messaging service, or QPS from loadbalancer running outside of cluster). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic--metrics--external))
- `object` (Attributes) object refers to a metric describing a single kubernetes object (for example, hits-per-second on an Ingress object). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic--metrics--object))
- `pods` (Attributes) pods refers to a metric describing each pod in the current scale target (for example, transactions-processed-per-second). The values will be averaged together before being compared to the target value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic--metrics--pods))
- `resource` (Attributes) resource refers to a resource metric (such as those specified in requests and limits) known to Kubernetes describing each pod in the current scale target (e.g. CPU or memory). Such metrics are built in to Kubernetes, and have special scaling options on top of those available to normal per-pod metrics using the 'pods' source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic--metrics--resource))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic--metrics--container_resource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.replicas.dynamic.metrics.container_resource`

Required:

- `container` (String) container is the name of the container in the pods of the scaling target
- `name` (String) name is the name of the resource in question.
- `target` (Attributes) target specifies the target value for the given metric (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic--metrics--container_resource--target))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic--metrics--container_resource--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.replicas.dynamic.metrics.container_resource.target`

Required:

- `type` (String) type represents whether the metric type is Utilization, Value, or AverageValue

Optional:

- `average_utilization` (Number) averageUtilization is the target value of the average of the resource metric across all relevant pods, represented as a percentage of the requested value of the resource for the pods. Currently only valid for Resource metric source type
- `average_value` (String) averageValue is the target value of the average of the metric across all relevant pods (as a quantity)
- `value` (String) value is the target value of the metric (as a quantity).



<a id="nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic--metrics--external"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.replicas.dynamic.metrics.external`

Required:

- `metric` (Attributes) metric identifies the target metric by name and selector (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic--metrics--external--metric))
- `target` (Attributes) target specifies the target value for the given metric (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic--metrics--external--target))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic--metrics--external--metric"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.replicas.dynamic.metrics.external.metric`

Required:

- `name` (String) name is the name of the given metric

Optional:

- `selector` (Attributes) selector is the string-encoded form of a standard kubernetes label selector for the given metric When set, it is passed as an additional parameter to the metrics server for more specific metrics scoping. When unset, just the metricName will be used to gather metrics. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic--metrics--external--metric--selector))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic--metrics--external--metric--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.replicas.dynamic.metrics.external.metric.selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic--metrics--external--metric--selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic--metrics--external--metric--selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.replicas.dynamic.metrics.external.metric.selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic--metrics--external--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.replicas.dynamic.metrics.external.target`

Required:

- `type` (String) type represents whether the metric type is Utilization, Value, or AverageValue

Optional:

- `average_utilization` (Number) averageUtilization is the target value of the average of the resource metric across all relevant pods, represented as a percentage of the requested value of the resource for the pods. Currently only valid for Resource metric source type
- `average_value` (String) averageValue is the target value of the average of the metric across all relevant pods (as a quantity)
- `value` (String) value is the target value of the metric (as a quantity).



<a id="nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic--metrics--object"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.replicas.dynamic.metrics.object`

Required:

- `described_object` (Attributes) describedObject specifies the descriptions of a object,such as kind,name apiVersion (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic--metrics--object--described_object))
- `metric` (Attributes) metric identifies the target metric by name and selector (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic--metrics--object--metric))
- `target` (Attributes) target specifies the target value for the given metric (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic--metrics--object--target))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic--metrics--object--described_object"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.replicas.dynamic.metrics.object.described_object`

Required:

- `kind` (String) kind is the kind of the referent; More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `name` (String) name is the name of the referent; More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) apiVersion is the API version of the referent


<a id="nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic--metrics--object--metric"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.replicas.dynamic.metrics.object.metric`

Required:

- `name` (String) name is the name of the given metric

Optional:

- `selector` (Attributes) selector is the string-encoded form of a standard kubernetes label selector for the given metric When set, it is passed as an additional parameter to the metrics server for more specific metrics scoping. When unset, just the metricName will be used to gather metrics. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic--metrics--object--metric--selector))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic--metrics--object--metric--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.replicas.dynamic.metrics.object.metric.selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic--metrics--object--metric--selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic--metrics--object--metric--selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.replicas.dynamic.metrics.object.metric.selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic--metrics--object--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.replicas.dynamic.metrics.object.target`

Required:

- `type` (String) type represents whether the metric type is Utilization, Value, or AverageValue

Optional:

- `average_utilization` (Number) averageUtilization is the target value of the average of the resource metric across all relevant pods, represented as a percentage of the requested value of the resource for the pods. Currently only valid for Resource metric source type
- `average_value` (String) averageValue is the target value of the average of the metric across all relevant pods (as a quantity)
- `value` (String) value is the target value of the metric (as a quantity).



<a id="nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic--metrics--pods"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.replicas.dynamic.metrics.pods`

Required:

- `metric` (Attributes) metric identifies the target metric by name and selector (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic--metrics--pods--metric))
- `target` (Attributes) target specifies the target value for the given metric (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic--metrics--pods--target))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic--metrics--pods--metric"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.replicas.dynamic.metrics.pods.metric`

Required:

- `name` (String) name is the name of the given metric

Optional:

- `selector` (Attributes) selector is the string-encoded form of a standard kubernetes label selector for the given metric When set, it is passed as an additional parameter to the metrics server for more specific metrics scoping. When unset, just the metricName will be used to gather metrics. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic--metrics--pods--metric--selector))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic--metrics--pods--metric--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.replicas.dynamic.metrics.pods.metric.selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic--metrics--pods--metric--selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic--metrics--pods--metric--selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.replicas.dynamic.metrics.pods.metric.selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic--metrics--pods--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.replicas.dynamic.metrics.pods.target`

Required:

- `type` (String) type represents whether the metric type is Utilization, Value, or AverageValue

Optional:

- `average_utilization` (Number) averageUtilization is the target value of the average of the resource metric across all relevant pods, represented as a percentage of the requested value of the resource for the pods. Currently only valid for Resource metric source type
- `average_value` (String) averageValue is the target value of the average of the metric across all relevant pods (as a quantity)
- `value` (String) value is the target value of the metric (as a quantity).



<a id="nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic--metrics--resource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.replicas.dynamic.metrics.resource`

Required:

- `name` (String) name is the name of the resource in question.
- `target` (Attributes) target specifies the target value for the given metric (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic--metrics--resource--target))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--replicas--dynamic--metrics--resource--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.replicas.dynamic.metrics.resource.target`

Required:

- `type` (String) type represents whether the metric type is Utilization, Value, or AverageValue

Optional:

- `average_utilization` (Number) averageUtilization is the target value of the average of the resource metric across all relevant pods, represented as a percentage of the requested value of the resource for the pods. Currently only valid for Resource metric source type
- `average_value` (String) averageValue is the target value of the average of the metric across all relevant pods (as a quantity)
- `value` (String) value is the target value of the metric (as a quantity).






<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims, that are used by this container. This is an alpha field and requires enabling the DynamicResourceAllocation feature gate. This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources.claims`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims of the Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource available inside a container.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--shutdown_manager"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.shutdown_manager`

Optional:

- `drain_strategy` (String) The drain strategy for the graceful shutdown. It also affects drain when listeners are modified or removed via LDS.
- `drain_time` (Number) The time in seconds that Envoy will drain connections during shutdown. It also affects drain behaviour when listeners are modified or removed via LDS.
- `image` (String) Image is the shutdown manager image and tag to use
- `server_port` (Number) Configures the sutdown manager's server port. Defaults to 8090.
