---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_operator_authorino_kuadrant_io_authorino_v1beta1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "operator.authorino.kuadrant.io"
description: |-
  Authorino is the Schema for the authorinos API
---

# k8s_operator_authorino_kuadrant_io_authorino_v1beta1_manifest (Data Source)

Authorino is the Schema for the authorinos API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_operator_authorino_kuadrant_io_authorino_v1beta1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) AuthorinoSpec defines the desired state of Authorino (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `listener` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--listener))
- `oidc_server` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--oidc_server))

Optional:

- `auth_config_label_selectors` (String)
- `cluster_wide` (Boolean)
- `evaluator_cache_size` (Number)
- `healthz` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--healthz))
- `image` (String)
- `image_pull_policy` (String) PullPolicy describes a policy for if/when to pull a container image
- `log_level` (String)
- `log_mode` (String)
- `metrics` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--metrics))
- `replicas` (Number)
- `secret_label_selectors` (String)
- `superseding_host_subsets` (Boolean)
- `tracing` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tracing))
- `volumes` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volumes))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--listener"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.listener`

Required:

- `tls` (Attributes) TLS configuration of the auth service (GRPC and HTTP interfaces). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--listener--tls))

Optional:

- `max_http_request_body_size` (Number) Maximum payload (request body) size for the auth service (HTTP interface), in bytes.
- `port` (Number) Port number of the GRPC interface. DEPRECATED: use 'ports.grpc' instead.
- `ports` (Attributes) Port numbers of the GRPC and HTTP auth interfaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--listener--ports))
- `timeout` (Number) Timeout of the auth service (GRPC and HTTP interfaces), in milliseconds.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--listener--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.listener.tls`

Optional:

- `cert_secret_ref` (Attributes) LocalObjectReference contains enough information to let you locate the referenced object inside the same namespace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--listener--tls--cert_secret_ref))
- `enabled` (Boolean)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--listener--tls--cert_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.listener.tls.enabled`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?



<a id="nestedatt--spec--listener--ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.listener.ports`

Optional:

- `grpc` (Number)
- `http` (Number)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--oidc_server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.oidc_server`

Required:

- `tls` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--oidc_server--tls))

Optional:

- `port` (Number)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--oidc_server--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.oidc_server.tls`

Optional:

- `cert_secret_ref` (Attributes) LocalObjectReference contains enough information to let you locate the referenced object inside the same namespace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--oidc_server--tls--cert_secret_ref))
- `enabled` (Boolean)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--oidc_server--tls--cert_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.oidc_server.tls.enabled`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?




<a id="nestedatt--spec--healthz"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.healthz`

Optional:

- `port` (Number) Port number of the health/readiness probe endpoints.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--metrics"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metrics`

Optional:

- `deep` (Boolean)
- `port` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tracing"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tracing`

Required:

- `endpoint` (String)

Optional:

- `insecure` (Boolean)
- `tags` (Map of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--volumes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volumes`

Optional:

- `default_mode` (Number) Permissions mode.
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volumes--items))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--volumes--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volumes.items`

Required:

- `mount_path` (String) An absolute path where to mount it

Optional:

- `config_maps` (List of String) Allow multiple configmaps to mount to the same directory
- `items` (Attributes List) Mount details (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volumes--items--items))
- `name` (String) Volume name
- `secrets` (List of String) Secret mount

<a id="nestedatt--spec--volumes--items--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volumes.items.secrets`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the key to project.
- `path` (String) path is the relative path of the file to map the key to. May not be an absolute path. May not contain the path element '..'. May not start with the string '..'.

Optional:

- `mode` (Number) mode is Optional: mode bits used to set permissions on this file. Must be an octal value between 0000 and 0777 or a decimal value between 0 and 511. YAML accepts both octal and decimal values, JSON requires decimal values for mode bits. If not specified, the volume defaultMode will be used. This might be in conflict with other options that affect the file mode, like fsGroup, and the result can be other mode bits set.
