---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_operator_victoriametrics_com_vm_cluster_v1beta1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "operator.victoriametrics.com"
description: |-
  VMCluster is fast, cost-effective and scalable time-series database. Cluster version with
---

# k8s_operator_victoriametrics_com_vm_cluster_v1beta1_manifest (Data Source)

VMCluster is fast, cost-effective and scalable time-series database. Cluster version with

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_operator_victoriametrics_com_vm_cluster_v1beta1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
  spec = {
    retention_period = "5h"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) VMClusterSpec defines the desired state of VMCluster (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `retention_period` (String) RetentionPeriod for the stored metrics Note VictoriaMetrics has data/ and indexdb/ folders metrics from data/ removed eventually as soon as partition leaves retention period reverse index data at indexdb rotates once at the half of configured retention period https://docs.victoriametrics.com/Single-server-VictoriaMetrics.html#retention

Optional:

- `cluster_version` (String) ClusterVersion defines default images tag for all components. it can be overwritten with component specific image.tag value.
- `image_pull_secrets` (Attributes List) ImagePullSecrets An optional list of references to secrets in the same namespace to use for pulling images from registries see https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images/#referring-to-an-imagepullsecrets-on-a-pod (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--image_pull_secrets))
- `license` (Attributes) License allows to configure license key to be used for enterprise features. Using license key is supported starting from VictoriaMetrics v1.94.0. See: https://docs.victoriametrics.com/enterprise.html (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--license))
- `paused` (Boolean) Paused If set to true all actions on the underlying managed objects are not going to be performed, except for delete actions.
- `replication_factor` (Number) ReplicationFactor defines how many copies of data make among distinct storage nodes
- `service_account_name` (String) ServiceAccountName is the name of the ServiceAccount to use to run the VMSelect, VMStorage and VMInsert Pods.
- `use_strict_security` (Boolean) UseStrictSecurity enables strict security mode for component it restricts disk writes access uses non-root user out of the box drops not needed security permissions
- `vminsert` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vminsert))
- `vmselect` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmselect))
- `vmstorage` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmstorage))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--image_pull_secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.image_pull_secrets`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?


<a id="nestedatt--spec--license"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.license`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Enterprise license key. This flag is available only in VictoriaMetrics enterprise. Documentation - https://docs.victoriametrics.com/enterprise.html for more information, visit https://victoriametrics.com/products/enterprise/ . To request a trial license, go to https://victoriametrics.com/products/enterprise/trial/
- `key_ref` (Attributes) KeyRef is reference to secret with license key for enterprise features. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--license--key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--license--key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.license.key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from. Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined



<a id="nestedatt--spec--vminsert"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vminsert`

Required:

- `replica_count` (Number) ReplicaCount is the expected size of the VMInsert cluster. The controller will eventually make the size of the running cluster equal to the expected size.

Optional:

- `affinity` (Map of String) Affinity If specified, the pod's scheduling constraints.
- `cluster_native_listen_port` (String) ClusterNativePort for multi-level cluster setup. More details: https://docs.victoriametrics.com/Cluster-VictoriaMetrics.html#multi-level-cluster-setup
- `config_maps` (List of String) ConfigMaps is a list of ConfigMaps in the same namespace as the VMInsert object, which shall be mounted into the VMInsert Pods. The ConfigMaps are mounted into /etc/vm/configs/<configmap-name>.
- `containers` (List of Map of String) Containers property allows to inject additions sidecars or to patch existing containers. It can be useful for proxies, backup, etc.
- `dns_config` (Attributes) Specifies the DNS parameters of a pod. Parameters specified here will be merged to the generated DNS configuration based on DNSPolicy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vminsert--dns_config))
- `dns_policy` (String) DNSPolicy sets DNS policy for the pod
- `extra_args` (Map of String)
- `extra_envs` (List of Map of String) ExtraEnvs that will be added to VMInsert pod
- `host_network` (Boolean) HostNetwork controls whether the pod may use the node network namespace
- `hpa` (Map of String) HPA defines kubernetes PodAutoScaling configuration version 2.
- `image` (Attributes) Image - docker image settings for VMInsert (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vminsert--image))
- `init_containers` (List of Map of String) InitContainers allows adding initContainers to the pod definition. Those can be used to e.g. fetch secrets for injection into the VMInsert configuration from external sources. Any errors during the execution of an initContainer will lead to a restart of the Pod. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/init-containers/ Using initContainers for any use case other then secret fetching is entirely outside the scope of what the maintainers will support and by doing so, you accept that this behaviour may break at any time without notice.
- `insert_ports` (Attributes) InsertPorts - additional listen ports for data ingestion. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vminsert--insert_ports))
- `liveness_probe` (Map of String) LivenessProbe that will be added CRD pod
- `log_format` (String) LogFormat for VMInsert to be configured with. default or json
- `log_level` (String) LogLevel for VMInsert to be configured with.
- `min_ready_seconds` (Number) MinReadySeconds defines a minim number os seconds to wait before starting update next pod if previous in healthy state
- `node_selector` (Map of String) NodeSelector Define which Nodes the Pods are scheduled on.
- `pod_disruption_budget` (Attributes) PodDisruptionBudget created by operator (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vminsert--pod_disruption_budget))
- `pod_metadata` (Attributes) PodMetadata configures Labels and Annotations which are propagated to the VMInsert pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vminsert--pod_metadata))
- `port` (String) Port listen port
- `priority_class_name` (String) Priority class assigned to the Pods
- `readiness_gates` (Attributes List) ReadinessGates defines pod readiness gates (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vminsert--readiness_gates))
- `readiness_probe` (Map of String) ReadinessProbe that will be added CRD pod
- `resources` (Attributes) Resources container resource request and limits, https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/ (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vminsert--resources))
- `revision_history_limit_count` (Number) The number of old ReplicaSets to retain to allow rollback in deployment or maximum number of revisions that will be maintained in the StatefulSet's revision history. Defaults to 10.
- `rolling_update` (Attributes) RollingUpdate - overrides deployment update params. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vminsert--rolling_update))
- `runtime_class_name` (String) RuntimeClassName - defines runtime class for kubernetes pod. https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/runtime-class/
- `scheduler_name` (String) SchedulerName - defines kubernetes scheduler name
- `secrets` (List of String) Secrets is a list of Secrets in the same namespace as the VMInsert object, which shall be mounted into the VMInsert Pods. The Secrets are mounted into /etc/vm/secrets/<secret-name>.
- `security_context` (Map of String) SecurityContext holds pod-level security attributes and common container settings. This defaults to the default PodSecurityContext.
- `service_scrape_spec` (Map of String) ServiceScrapeSpec that will be added to vminsert VMServiceScrape spec
- `service_spec` (Attributes) ServiceSpec that will be added to vminsert service spec (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vminsert--service_spec))
- `startup_probe` (Map of String) StartupProbe that will be added to CRD pod
- `termination_grace_period_seconds` (Number) TerminationGracePeriodSeconds period for container graceful termination
- `tolerations` (Attributes List) Tolerations If specified, the pod's tolerations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vminsert--tolerations))
- `topology_spread_constraints` (List of Map of String) TopologySpreadConstraints embedded kubernetes pod configuration option, controls how pods are spread across your cluster among failure-domains such as regions, zones, nodes, and other user-defined topology domains https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-topology-spread-constraints/
- `update_strategy` (String) UpdateStrategy - overrides default update strategy.
- `volume_mounts` (Attributes List) VolumeMounts allows configuration of additional VolumeMounts on the output Deployment definition. VolumeMounts specified will be appended to other VolumeMounts in the VMInsert container, that are generated as a result of StorageSpec objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vminsert--volume_mounts))
- `volumes` (List of Map of String) Volumes allows configuration of additional volumes on the output Deployment definition. Volumes specified will be appended to other volumes that are generated as a result of StorageSpec objects.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--vminsert--dns_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vminsert.dns_config`

Optional:

- `nameservers` (List of String) A list of DNS name server IP addresses. This will be appended to the base nameservers generated from DNSPolicy. Duplicated nameservers will be removed.
- `options` (Attributes List) A list of DNS resolver options. This will be merged with the base options generated from DNSPolicy. Duplicated entries will be removed. Resolution options given in Options will override those that appear in the base DNSPolicy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vminsert--dns_config--options))
- `searches` (List of String) A list of DNS search domains for host-name lookup. This will be appended to the base search paths generated from DNSPolicy. Duplicated search paths will be removed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--vminsert--dns_config--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vminsert.dns_config.options`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Required.
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--vminsert--image"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vminsert.image`

Optional:

- `pull_policy` (String) PullPolicy describes how to pull docker image
- `repository` (String) Repository contains name of docker image + it's repository if needed
- `tag` (String) Tag contains desired docker image version


<a id="nestedatt--spec--vminsert--insert_ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vminsert.insert_ports`

Optional:

- `graphite_port` (String) GraphitePort listen port
- `influx_port` (String) InfluxPort listen port
- `open_tsdb_port` (String) OpenTSDBPort for tcp and udp listen
- `open_tsdbhttp_port` (String) OpenTSDBHTTPPort for http connections.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--vminsert--pod_disruption_budget"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vminsert.pod_disruption_budget`

Optional:

- `max_unavailable` (String) An eviction is allowed if at most 'maxUnavailable' pods selected by 'selector' are unavailable after the eviction, i.e. even in absence of the evicted pod. For example, one can prevent all voluntary evictions by specifying 0. This is a mutually exclusive setting with 'minAvailable'.
- `min_available` (String) An eviction is allowed if at least 'minAvailable' pods selected by 'selector' will still be available after the eviction, i.e. even in the absence of the evicted pod. So for example you can prevent all voluntary evictions by specifying '100%'.
- `selector_labels` (Map of String) replaces default labels selector generated by operator it's useful when you need to create custom budget


<a id="nestedatt--spec--vminsert--pod_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vminsert.pod_metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata. They are not queryable and should be preserved when modifying objects. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize (scope and select) objects. May match selectors of replication controllers and services. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels
- `name` (String) Name must be unique within a namespace. Is required when creating resources, although some resources may allow a client to request the generation of an appropriate name automatically. Name is primarily intended for creation idempotence and configuration definition. Cannot be updated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names#names


<a id="nestedatt--spec--vminsert--readiness_gates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vminsert.readiness_gates`

Required:

- `condition_type` (String) ConditionType refers to a condition in the pod's condition list with matching type.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--vminsert--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vminsert.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims, that are used by this container. This is an alpha field and requires enabling the DynamicResourceAllocation feature gate. This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vminsert--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--vminsert--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vminsert.resources.claims`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims of the Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource available inside a container.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--vminsert--rolling_update"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vminsert.rolling_update`

Optional:

- `max_surge` (String) The maximum number of pods that can be scheduled above the desired number of pods. Value can be an absolute number (ex: 5) or a percentage of desired pods (ex: 10%). This can not be 0 if MaxUnavailable is 0. Absolute number is calculated from percentage by rounding up. Defaults to 25%. Example: when this is set to 30%, the new ReplicaSet can be scaled up immediately when the rolling update starts, such that the total number of old and new pods do not exceed 130% of desired pods. Once old pods have been killed, new ReplicaSet can be scaled up further, ensuring that total number of pods running at any time during the update is at most 130% of desired pods.
- `max_unavailable` (String) The maximum number of pods that can be unavailable during the update. Value can be an absolute number (ex: 5) or a percentage of desired pods (ex: 10%). Absolute number is calculated from percentage by rounding down. This can not be 0 if MaxSurge is 0. Defaults to 25%. Example: when this is set to 30%, the old ReplicaSet can be scaled down to 70% of desired pods immediately when the rolling update starts. Once new pods are ready, old ReplicaSet can be scaled down further, followed by scaling up the new ReplicaSet, ensuring that the total number of pods available at all times during the update is at least 70% of desired pods.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--vminsert--service_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vminsert.service_spec`

Required:

- `spec` (Map of String) ServiceSpec describes the attributes that a user creates on a service. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/

Optional:

- `metadata` (Attributes) EmbeddedObjectMetadata defines objectMeta for additional service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vminsert--service_spec--metadata))
- `use_as_default` (Boolean) UseAsDefault applies changes from given service definition to the main object Service Changing from headless service to clusterIP or loadbalancer may break cross-component communication

<a id="nestedatt--spec--vminsert--service_spec--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vminsert.service_spec.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata. They are not queryable and should be preserved when modifying objects. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize (scope and select) objects. May match selectors of replication controllers and services. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels
- `name` (String) Name must be unique within a namespace. Is required when creating resources, although some resources may allow a client to request the generation of an appropriate name automatically. Name is primarily intended for creation idempotence and configuration definition. Cannot be updated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names#names



<a id="nestedatt--spec--vminsert--tolerations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vminsert.tolerations`

Optional:

- `effect` (String) Effect indicates the taint effect to match. Empty means match all taint effects. When specified, allowed values are NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Key is the taint key that the toleration applies to. Empty means match all taint keys. If the key is empty, operator must be Exists; this combination means to match all values and all keys.
- `operator` (String) Operator represents a key's relationship to the value. Valid operators are Exists and Equal. Defaults to Equal. Exists is equivalent to wildcard for value, so that a pod can tolerate all taints of a particular category.
- `toleration_seconds` (Number) TolerationSeconds represents the period of time the toleration (which must be of effect NoExecute, otherwise this field is ignored) tolerates the taint. By default, it is not set, which means tolerate the taint forever (do not evict). Zero and negative values will be treated as 0 (evict immediately) by the system.
- `value` (String) Value is the taint value the toleration matches to. If the operator is Exists, the value should be empty, otherwise just a regular string.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--vminsert--volume_mounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vminsert.volume_mounts`

Required:

- `mount_path` (String) Path within the container at which the volume should be mounted. Must not contain ':'.
- `name` (String) This must match the Name of a Volume.

Optional:

- `mount_propagation` (String) mountPropagation determines how mounts are propagated from the host to container and the other way around. When not set, MountPropagationNone is used. This field is beta in 1.10.
- `read_only` (Boolean) Mounted read-only if true, read-write otherwise (false or unspecified). Defaults to false.
- `sub_path` (String) Path within the volume from which the container's volume should be mounted. Defaults to '' (volume's root).
- `sub_path_expr` (String) Expanded path within the volume from which the container's volume should be mounted. Behaves similarly to SubPath but environment variable references $(VAR_NAME) are expanded using the container's environment. Defaults to '' (volume's root). SubPathExpr and SubPath are mutually exclusive.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmselect"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmselect`

Required:

- `replica_count` (Number) ReplicaCount is the expected size of the VMSelect cluster. The controller will eventually make the size of the running cluster equal to the expected size.

Optional:

- `affinity` (Map of String) Affinity If specified, the pod's scheduling constraints.
- `cache_mount_path` (String) CacheMountPath allows to add cache persistent for VMSelect, will use '/cache' as default if not specified.
- `claim_templates` (Attributes List) ClaimTemplates allows adding additional VolumeClaimTemplates for StatefulSet (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmselect--claim_templates))
- `cluster_native_listen_port` (String) ClusterNativePort for multi-level cluster setup. More details: https://docs.victoriametrics.com/Cluster-VictoriaMetrics.html#multi-level-cluster-setup
- `config_maps` (List of String) ConfigMaps is a list of ConfigMaps in the same namespace as the VMSelect object, which shall be mounted into the VMSelect Pods. The ConfigMaps are mounted into /etc/vm/configs/<configmap-name>.
- `containers` (List of Map of String) Containers property allows to inject additions sidecars or to patch existing containers. It can be useful for proxies, backup, etc.
- `dns_config` (Attributes) Specifies the DNS parameters of a pod. Parameters specified here will be merged to the generated DNS configuration based on DNSPolicy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmselect--dns_config))
- `dns_policy` (String) DNSPolicy sets DNS policy for the pod
- `extra_args` (Map of String)
- `extra_envs` (List of Map of String) ExtraEnvs that will be added to VMSelect pod
- `host_network` (Boolean) HostNetwork controls whether the pod may use the node network namespace
- `hpa` (Map of String) Configures horizontal pod autoscaling. Note, enabling this option disables vmselect to vmselect communication. In most cases it's not an issue.
- `image` (Attributes) Image - docker image settings for VMSelect (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmselect--image))
- `init_containers` (List of Map of String) InitContainers allows adding initContainers to the pod definition. Those can be used to e.g. fetch secrets for injection into the VMSelect configuration from external sources. Any errors during the execution of an initContainer will lead to a restart of the Pod. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/init-containers/ Using initContainers for any use case other then secret fetching is entirely outside the scope of what the maintainers will support and by doing so, you accept that this behaviour may break at any time without notice.
- `liveness_probe` (Map of String) LivenessProbe that will be added CRD pod
- `log_format` (String) LogFormat for VMSelect to be configured with. default or json
- `log_level` (String) LogLevel for VMSelect to be configured with.
- `min_ready_seconds` (Number) MinReadySeconds defines a minim number os seconds to wait before starting update next pod if previous in healthy state
- `node_selector` (Map of String) NodeSelector Define which Nodes the Pods are scheduled on.
- `persistent_volume` (Attributes) Storage - add persistent volume for cacheMountPath its useful for persistent cache use storage instead of persistentVolume. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmselect--persistent_volume))
- `pod_disruption_budget` (Attributes) PodDisruptionBudget created by operator (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmselect--pod_disruption_budget))
- `pod_metadata` (Attributes) PodMetadata configures Labels and Annotations which are propagated to the VMSelect pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmselect--pod_metadata))
- `port` (String) Port listen port
- `priority_class_name` (String) Priority class assigned to the Pods
- `readiness_gates` (Attributes List) ReadinessGates defines pod readiness gates (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmselect--readiness_gates))
- `readiness_probe` (Map of String) ReadinessProbe that will be added CRD pod
- `resources` (Attributes) Resources container resource request and limits, https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/ (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmselect--resources))
- `revision_history_limit_count` (Number) The number of old ReplicaSets to retain to allow rollback in deployment or maximum number of revisions that will be maintained in the StatefulSet's revision history. Defaults to 10.
- `rolling_update_strategy` (String) RollingUpdateStrategy defines strategy for application updates Default is OnDelete, in this case operator handles update process Can be changed for RollingUpdate
- `runtime_class_name` (String) RuntimeClassName - defines runtime class for kubernetes pod. https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/runtime-class/
- `scheduler_name` (String) SchedulerName - defines kubernetes scheduler name
- `secrets` (List of String) Secrets is a list of Secrets in the same namespace as the VMSelect object, which shall be mounted into the VMSelect Pods. The Secrets are mounted into /etc/vm/secrets/<secret-name>.
- `security_context` (Map of String) SecurityContext holds pod-level security attributes and common container settings. This defaults to the default PodSecurityContext.
- `service_scrape_spec` (Map of String) ServiceScrapeSpec that will be added to vmselect VMServiceScrape spec
- `service_spec` (Attributes) ServiceSpec that will be added to vmselect service spec (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmselect--service_spec))
- `startup_probe` (Map of String) StartupProbe that will be added to CRD pod
- `storage` (Attributes) StorageSpec - add persistent volume claim for cacheMountPath its needed for persistent cache (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmselect--storage))
- `termination_grace_period_seconds` (Number) TerminationGracePeriodSeconds period for container graceful termination
- `tolerations` (Attributes List) Tolerations If specified, the pod's tolerations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmselect--tolerations))
- `topology_spread_constraints` (List of Map of String) TopologySpreadConstraints embedded kubernetes pod configuration option, controls how pods are spread across your cluster among failure-domains such as regions, zones, nodes, and other user-defined topology domains https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-topology-spread-constraints/
- `volume_mounts` (Attributes List) VolumeMounts allows configuration of additional VolumeMounts on the output Deployment definition. VolumeMounts specified will be appended to other VolumeMounts in the VMSelect container, that are generated as a result of StorageSpec objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmselect--volume_mounts))
- `volumes` (List of Map of String) Volumes allows configuration of additional volumes on the output Deployment definition. Volumes specified will be appended to other volumes that are generated as a result of StorageSpec objects.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmselect--claim_templates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmselect.claim_templates`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `metadata` (Map of String) Standard object's metadata. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata
- `spec` (Attributes) spec defines the desired characteristics of a volume requested by a pod author. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#persistentvolumeclaims (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmselect--claim_templates--spec))
- `status` (Attributes) status represents the current information/status of a persistent volume claim. Read-only. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#persistentvolumeclaims (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmselect--claim_templates--status))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmselect--claim_templates--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmselect.claim_templates.spec`

Optional:

- `access_modes` (List of String) accessModes contains the desired access modes the volume should have. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#access-modes-1
- `data_source` (Attributes) dataSource field can be used to specify either: * An existing VolumeSnapshot object (snapshot.storage.k8s.io/VolumeSnapshot) * An existing PVC (PersistentVolumeClaim) If the provisioner or an external controller can support the specified data source, it will create a new volume based on the contents of the specified data source. When the AnyVolumeDataSource feature gate is enabled, dataSource contents will be copied to dataSourceRef, and dataSourceRef contents will be copied to dataSource when dataSourceRef.namespace is not specified. If the namespace is specified, then dataSourceRef will not be copied to dataSource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmselect--claim_templates--spec--data_source))
- `data_source_ref` (Attributes) dataSourceRef specifies the object from which to populate the volume with data, if a non-empty volume is desired. This may be any object from a non-empty API group (non core object) or a PersistentVolumeClaim object. When this field is specified, volume binding will only succeed if the type of the specified object matches some installed volume populator or dynamic provisioner. This field will replace the functionality of the dataSource field and as such if both fields are non-empty, they must have the same value. For backwards compatibility, when namespace isn't specified in dataSourceRef, both fields (dataSource and dataSourceRef) will be set to the same value automatically if one of them is empty and the other is non-empty. When namespace is specified in dataSourceRef, dataSource isn't set to the same value and must be empty. There are three important differences between dataSource and dataSourceRef: * While dataSource only allows two specific types of objects, dataSourceRef allows any non-core object, as well as PersistentVolumeClaim objects. * While dataSource ignores disallowed values (dropping them), dataSourceRef preserves all values, and generates an error if a disallowed value is specified. * While dataSource only allows local objects, dataSourceRef allows objects in any namespaces. (Beta) Using this field requires the AnyVolumeDataSource feature gate to be enabled. (Alpha) Using the namespace field of dataSourceRef requires the CrossNamespaceVolumeDataSource feature gate to be enabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmselect--claim_templates--spec--data_source_ref))
- `resources` (Attributes) resources represents the minimum resources the volume should have. If RecoverVolumeExpansionFailure feature is enabled users are allowed to specify resource requirements that are lower than previous value but must still be higher than capacity recorded in the status field of the claim. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#resources (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmselect--claim_templates--spec--resources))
- `selector` (Attributes) selector is a label query over volumes to consider for binding. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmselect--claim_templates--spec--selector))
- `storage_class_name` (String) storageClassName is the name of the StorageClass required by the claim. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#class-1
- `volume_mode` (String) volumeMode defines what type of volume is required by the claim. Value of Filesystem is implied when not included in claim spec.
- `volume_name` (String) volumeName is the binding reference to the PersistentVolume backing this claim.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmselect--claim_templates--spec--data_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmselect.claim_templates.spec.data_source`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind is the type of resource being referenced
- `name` (String) Name is the name of resource being referenced

Optional:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup is the group for the resource being referenced. If APIGroup is not specified, the specified Kind must be in the core API group. For any other third-party types, APIGroup is required.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmselect--claim_templates--spec--data_source_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmselect.claim_templates.spec.data_source_ref`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind is the type of resource being referenced
- `name` (String) Name is the name of resource being referenced

Optional:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup is the group for the resource being referenced. If APIGroup is not specified, the specified Kind must be in the core API group. For any other third-party types, APIGroup is required.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of resource being referenced Note that when a namespace is specified, a gateway.networking.k8s.io/ReferenceGrant object is required in the referent namespace to allow that namespace's owner to accept the reference. See the ReferenceGrant documentation for details. (Alpha) This field requires the CrossNamespaceVolumeDataSource feature gate to be enabled.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmselect--claim_templates--spec--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmselect.claim_templates.spec.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims, that are used by this container. This is an alpha field and requires enabling the DynamicResourceAllocation feature gate. This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmselect--claim_templates--spec--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmselect--claim_templates--spec--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmselect.claim_templates.spec.resources.claims`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims of the Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource available inside a container.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmselect--claim_templates--spec--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmselect.claim_templates.spec.selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmselect--claim_templates--spec--selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmselect--claim_templates--spec--selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmselect.claim_templates.spec.selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmselect--claim_templates--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmselect.claim_templates.status`

Optional:

- `access_modes` (List of String) accessModes contains the actual access modes the volume backing the PVC has. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#access-modes-1
- `allocated_resources` (Map of String) allocatedResources is the storage resource within AllocatedResources tracks the capacity allocated to a PVC. It may be larger than the actual capacity when a volume expansion operation is requested. For storage quota, the larger value from allocatedResources and PVC.spec.resources is used. If allocatedResources is not set, PVC.spec.resources alone is used for quota calculation. If a volume expansion capacity request is lowered, allocatedResources is only lowered if there are no expansion operations in progress and if the actual volume capacity is equal or lower than the requested capacity. This is an alpha field and requires enabling RecoverVolumeExpansionFailure feature.
- `capacity` (Map of String) capacity represents the actual resources of the underlying volume.
- `conditions` (Attributes List) conditions is the current Condition of persistent volume claim. If underlying persistent volume is being resized then the Condition will be set to 'ResizeStarted'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmselect--claim_templates--status--conditions))
- `phase` (String) phase represents the current phase of PersistentVolumeClaim.
- `resize_status` (String) resizeStatus stores status of resize operation. ResizeStatus is not set by default but when expansion is complete resizeStatus is set to empty string by resize controller or kubelet. This is an alpha field and requires enabling RecoverVolumeExpansionFailure feature.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmselect--claim_templates--status--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmselect.claim_templates.status.conditions`

Required:

- `status` (String)
- `type` (String) PersistentVolumeClaimConditionType is a valid value of PersistentVolumeClaimCondition.Type

Optional:

- `last_probe_time` (String) lastProbeTime is the time we probed the condition.
- `last_transition_time` (String) lastTransitionTime is the time the condition transitioned from one status to another.
- `message` (String) message is the human-readable message indicating details about last transition.
- `reason` (String) reason is a unique, this should be a short, machine understandable string that gives the reason for condition's last transition. If it reports 'ResizeStarted' that means the underlying persistent volume is being resized.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmselect--dns_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmselect.dns_config`

Optional:

- `nameservers` (List of String) A list of DNS name server IP addresses. This will be appended to the base nameservers generated from DNSPolicy. Duplicated nameservers will be removed.
- `options` (Attributes List) A list of DNS resolver options. This will be merged with the base options generated from DNSPolicy. Duplicated entries will be removed. Resolution options given in Options will override those that appear in the base DNSPolicy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmselect--dns_config--options))
- `searches` (List of String) A list of DNS search domains for host-name lookup. This will be appended to the base search paths generated from DNSPolicy. Duplicated search paths will be removed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmselect--dns_config--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmselect.dns_config.options`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Required.
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmselect--image"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmselect.image`

Optional:

- `pull_policy` (String) PullPolicy describes how to pull docker image
- `repository` (String) Repository contains name of docker image + it's repository if needed
- `tag` (String) Tag contains desired docker image version


<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmselect--persistent_volume"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmselect.persistent_volume`

Optional:

- `disable_mount_sub_path` (Boolean) Deprecated: subPath usage will be disabled by default in a future release, this option will become unnecessary. DisableMountSubPath allows to remove any subPath usage in volume mounts.
- `empty_dir` (Attributes) EmptyDirVolumeSource to be used by the Prometheus StatefulSets. If specified, used in place of any volumeClaimTemplate. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/#emptydir (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmselect--persistent_volume--empty_dir))
- `volume_claim_template` (Map of String) A PVC spec to be used by the VMAlertManager StatefulSets.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmselect--persistent_volume--empty_dir"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmselect.persistent_volume.empty_dir`

Optional:

- `medium` (String) medium represents what type of storage medium should back this directory. The default is '' which means to use the node's default medium. Must be an empty string (default) or Memory. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#emptydir
- `size_limit` (String) sizeLimit is the total amount of local storage required for this EmptyDir volume. The size limit is also applicable for memory medium. The maximum usage on memory medium EmptyDir would be the minimum value between the SizeLimit specified here and the sum of memory limits of all containers in a pod. The default is nil which means that the limit is undefined. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#emptydir



<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmselect--pod_disruption_budget"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmselect.pod_disruption_budget`

Optional:

- `max_unavailable` (String) An eviction is allowed if at most 'maxUnavailable' pods selected by 'selector' are unavailable after the eviction, i.e. even in absence of the evicted pod. For example, one can prevent all voluntary evictions by specifying 0. This is a mutually exclusive setting with 'minAvailable'.
- `min_available` (String) An eviction is allowed if at least 'minAvailable' pods selected by 'selector' will still be available after the eviction, i.e. even in the absence of the evicted pod. So for example you can prevent all voluntary evictions by specifying '100%'.
- `selector_labels` (Map of String) replaces default labels selector generated by operator it's useful when you need to create custom budget


<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmselect--pod_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmselect.pod_metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata. They are not queryable and should be preserved when modifying objects. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize (scope and select) objects. May match selectors of replication controllers and services. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels
- `name` (String) Name must be unique within a namespace. Is required when creating resources, although some resources may allow a client to request the generation of an appropriate name automatically. Name is primarily intended for creation idempotence and configuration definition. Cannot be updated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names#names


<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmselect--readiness_gates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmselect.readiness_gates`

Required:

- `condition_type` (String) ConditionType refers to a condition in the pod's condition list with matching type.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmselect--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmselect.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims, that are used by this container. This is an alpha field and requires enabling the DynamicResourceAllocation feature gate. This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmselect--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmselect--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmselect.resources.claims`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims of the Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource available inside a container.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmselect--service_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmselect.service_spec`

Required:

- `spec` (Map of String) ServiceSpec describes the attributes that a user creates on a service. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/

Optional:

- `metadata` (Attributes) EmbeddedObjectMetadata defines objectMeta for additional service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmselect--service_spec--metadata))
- `use_as_default` (Boolean) UseAsDefault applies changes from given service definition to the main object Service Changing from headless service to clusterIP or loadbalancer may break cross-component communication

<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmselect--service_spec--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmselect.service_spec.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata. They are not queryable and should be preserved when modifying objects. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize (scope and select) objects. May match selectors of replication controllers and services. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels
- `name` (String) Name must be unique within a namespace. Is required when creating resources, although some resources may allow a client to request the generation of an appropriate name automatically. Name is primarily intended for creation idempotence and configuration definition. Cannot be updated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names#names



<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmselect--storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmselect.storage`

Optional:

- `disable_mount_sub_path` (Boolean) Deprecated: subPath usage will be disabled by default in a future release, this option will become unnecessary. DisableMountSubPath allows to remove any subPath usage in volume mounts.
- `empty_dir` (Attributes) EmptyDirVolumeSource to be used by the Prometheus StatefulSets. If specified, used in place of any volumeClaimTemplate. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/#emptydir (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmselect--storage--empty_dir))
- `volume_claim_template` (Attributes) A PVC spec to be used by the VMAlertManager StatefulSets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmselect--storage--volume_claim_template))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmselect--storage--empty_dir"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmselect.storage.empty_dir`

Optional:

- `medium` (String) medium represents what type of storage medium should back this directory. The default is '' which means to use the node's default medium. Must be an empty string (default) or Memory. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#emptydir
- `size_limit` (String) sizeLimit is the total amount of local storage required for this EmptyDir volume. The size limit is also applicable for memory medium. The maximum usage on memory medium EmptyDir would be the minimum value between the SizeLimit specified here and the sum of memory limits of all containers in a pod. The default is nil which means that the limit is undefined. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#emptydir


<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmselect--storage--volume_claim_template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmselect.storage.volume_claim_template`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `metadata` (Attributes) EmbeddedMetadata contains metadata relevant to an EmbeddedResource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmselect--storage--volume_claim_template--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) Spec defines the desired characteristics of a volume requested by a pod author. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#persistentvolumeclaims (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmselect--storage--volume_claim_template--spec))
- `status` (Attributes) Status represents the current information/status of a persistent volume claim. Read-only. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#persistentvolumeclaims (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmselect--storage--volume_claim_template--status))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmselect--storage--volume_claim_template--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmselect.storage.volume_claim_template.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata. They are not queryable and should be preserved when modifying objects. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize (scope and select) objects. May match selectors of replication controllers and services. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels
- `name` (String) Name must be unique within a namespace. Is required when creating resources, although some resources may allow a client to request the generation of an appropriate name automatically. Name is primarily intended for creation idempotence and configuration definition. Cannot be updated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names#names


<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmselect--storage--volume_claim_template--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmselect.storage.volume_claim_template.spec`

Optional:

- `access_modes` (List of String) accessModes contains the desired access modes the volume should have. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#access-modes-1
- `data_source` (Attributes) dataSource field can be used to specify either: * An existing VolumeSnapshot object (snapshot.storage.k8s.io/VolumeSnapshot) * An existing PVC (PersistentVolumeClaim) If the provisioner or an external controller can support the specified data source, it will create a new volume based on the contents of the specified data source. When the AnyVolumeDataSource feature gate is enabled, dataSource contents will be copied to dataSourceRef, and dataSourceRef contents will be copied to dataSource when dataSourceRef.namespace is not specified. If the namespace is specified, then dataSourceRef will not be copied to dataSource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmselect--storage--volume_claim_template--spec--data_source))
- `data_source_ref` (Attributes) dataSourceRef specifies the object from which to populate the volume with data, if a non-empty volume is desired. This may be any object from a non-empty API group (non core object) or a PersistentVolumeClaim object. When this field is specified, volume binding will only succeed if the type of the specified object matches some installed volume populator or dynamic provisioner. This field will replace the functionality of the dataSource field and as such if both fields are non-empty, they must have the same value. For backwards compatibility, when namespace isn't specified in dataSourceRef, both fields (dataSource and dataSourceRef) will be set to the same value automatically if one of them is empty and the other is non-empty. When namespace is specified in dataSourceRef, dataSource isn't set to the same value and must be empty. There are three important differences between dataSource and dataSourceRef: * While dataSource only allows two specific types of objects, dataSourceRef allows any non-core object, as well as PersistentVolumeClaim objects. * While dataSource ignores disallowed values (dropping them), dataSourceRef preserves all values, and generates an error if a disallowed value is specified. * While dataSource only allows local objects, dataSourceRef allows objects in any namespaces. (Beta) Using this field requires the AnyVolumeDataSource feature gate to be enabled. (Alpha) Using the namespace field of dataSourceRef requires the CrossNamespaceVolumeDataSource feature gate to be enabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmselect--storage--volume_claim_template--spec--data_source_ref))
- `resources` (Attributes) resources represents the minimum resources the volume should have. If RecoverVolumeExpansionFailure feature is enabled users are allowed to specify resource requirements that are lower than previous value but must still be higher than capacity recorded in the status field of the claim. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#resources (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmselect--storage--volume_claim_template--spec--resources))
- `selector` (Attributes) selector is a label query over volumes to consider for binding. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmselect--storage--volume_claim_template--spec--selector))
- `storage_class_name` (String) storageClassName is the name of the StorageClass required by the claim. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#class-1
- `volume_mode` (String) volumeMode defines what type of volume is required by the claim. Value of Filesystem is implied when not included in claim spec.
- `volume_name` (String) volumeName is the binding reference to the PersistentVolume backing this claim.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmselect--storage--volume_claim_template--spec--data_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmselect.storage.volume_claim_template.spec.data_source`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind is the type of resource being referenced
- `name` (String) Name is the name of resource being referenced

Optional:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup is the group for the resource being referenced. If APIGroup is not specified, the specified Kind must be in the core API group. For any other third-party types, APIGroup is required.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmselect--storage--volume_claim_template--spec--data_source_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmselect.storage.volume_claim_template.spec.data_source_ref`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind is the type of resource being referenced
- `name` (String) Name is the name of resource being referenced

Optional:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup is the group for the resource being referenced. If APIGroup is not specified, the specified Kind must be in the core API group. For any other third-party types, APIGroup is required.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of resource being referenced Note that when a namespace is specified, a gateway.networking.k8s.io/ReferenceGrant object is required in the referent namespace to allow that namespace's owner to accept the reference. See the ReferenceGrant documentation for details. (Alpha) This field requires the CrossNamespaceVolumeDataSource feature gate to be enabled.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmselect--storage--volume_claim_template--spec--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmselect.storage.volume_claim_template.spec.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims, that are used by this container. This is an alpha field and requires enabling the DynamicResourceAllocation feature gate. This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmselect--storage--volume_claim_template--spec--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmselect--storage--volume_claim_template--spec--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmselect.storage.volume_claim_template.spec.resources.claims`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims of the Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource available inside a container.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmselect--storage--volume_claim_template--spec--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmselect.storage.volume_claim_template.spec.selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmselect--storage--volume_claim_template--spec--selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmselect--storage--volume_claim_template--spec--selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmselect.storage.volume_claim_template.spec.selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmselect--storage--volume_claim_template--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmselect.storage.volume_claim_template.status`

Optional:

- `access_modes` (List of String) accessModes contains the actual access modes the volume backing the PVC has. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#access-modes-1
- `allocated_resources` (Map of String) allocatedResources is the storage resource within AllocatedResources tracks the capacity allocated to a PVC. It may be larger than the actual capacity when a volume expansion operation is requested. For storage quota, the larger value from allocatedResources and PVC.spec.resources is used. If allocatedResources is not set, PVC.spec.resources alone is used for quota calculation. If a volume expansion capacity request is lowered, allocatedResources is only lowered if there are no expansion operations in progress and if the actual volume capacity is equal or lower than the requested capacity. This is an alpha field and requires enabling RecoverVolumeExpansionFailure feature.
- `capacity` (Map of String) capacity represents the actual resources of the underlying volume.
- `conditions` (Attributes List) conditions is the current Condition of persistent volume claim. If underlying persistent volume is being resized then the Condition will be set to 'ResizeStarted'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmselect--storage--volume_claim_template--status--conditions))
- `phase` (String) phase represents the current phase of PersistentVolumeClaim.
- `resize_status` (String) resizeStatus stores status of resize operation. ResizeStatus is not set by default but when expansion is complete resizeStatus is set to empty string by resize controller or kubelet. This is an alpha field and requires enabling RecoverVolumeExpansionFailure feature.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmselect--storage--volume_claim_template--status--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmselect.storage.volume_claim_template.status.conditions`

Required:

- `status` (String)
- `type` (String) PersistentVolumeClaimConditionType is a valid value of PersistentVolumeClaimCondition.Type

Optional:

- `last_probe_time` (String) lastProbeTime is the time we probed the condition.
- `last_transition_time` (String) lastTransitionTime is the time the condition transitioned from one status to another.
- `message` (String) message is the human-readable message indicating details about last transition.
- `reason` (String) reason is a unique, this should be a short, machine understandable string that gives the reason for condition's last transition. If it reports 'ResizeStarted' that means the underlying persistent volume is being resized.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmselect--tolerations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmselect.tolerations`

Optional:

- `effect` (String) Effect indicates the taint effect to match. Empty means match all taint effects. When specified, allowed values are NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Key is the taint key that the toleration applies to. Empty means match all taint keys. If the key is empty, operator must be Exists; this combination means to match all values and all keys.
- `operator` (String) Operator represents a key's relationship to the value. Valid operators are Exists and Equal. Defaults to Equal. Exists is equivalent to wildcard for value, so that a pod can tolerate all taints of a particular category.
- `toleration_seconds` (Number) TolerationSeconds represents the period of time the toleration (which must be of effect NoExecute, otherwise this field is ignored) tolerates the taint. By default, it is not set, which means tolerate the taint forever (do not evict). Zero and negative values will be treated as 0 (evict immediately) by the system.
- `value` (String) Value is the taint value the toleration matches to. If the operator is Exists, the value should be empty, otherwise just a regular string.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmselect--volume_mounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmselect.volume_mounts`

Required:

- `mount_path` (String) Path within the container at which the volume should be mounted. Must not contain ':'.
- `name` (String) This must match the Name of a Volume.

Optional:

- `mount_propagation` (String) mountPropagation determines how mounts are propagated from the host to container and the other way around. When not set, MountPropagationNone is used. This field is beta in 1.10.
- `read_only` (Boolean) Mounted read-only if true, read-write otherwise (false or unspecified). Defaults to false.
- `sub_path` (String) Path within the volume from which the container's volume should be mounted. Defaults to '' (volume's root).
- `sub_path_expr` (String) Expanded path within the volume from which the container's volume should be mounted. Behaves similarly to SubPath but environment variable references $(VAR_NAME) are expanded using the container's environment. Defaults to '' (volume's root). SubPathExpr and SubPath are mutually exclusive.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmstorage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmstorage`

Required:

- `replica_count` (Number) ReplicaCount is the expected size of the VMStorage cluster. The controller will eventually make the size of the running cluster equal to the expected size.

Optional:

- `affinity` (Map of String) Affinity If specified, the pod's scheduling constraints.
- `claim_templates` (Attributes List) ClaimTemplates allows adding additional VolumeClaimTemplates for StatefulSet (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--claim_templates))
- `config_maps` (List of String) ConfigMaps is a list of ConfigMaps in the same namespace as the VMStorage object, which shall be mounted into the VMStorage Pods. The ConfigMaps are mounted into /etc/vm/configs/<configmap-name>.
- `containers` (List of Map of String) Containers property allows to inject additions sidecars or to patch existing containers. It can be useful for proxies, backup, etc.
- `dns_config` (Attributes) Specifies the DNS parameters of a pod. Parameters specified here will be merged to the generated DNS configuration based on DNSPolicy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--dns_config))
- `dns_policy` (String) DNSPolicy sets DNS policy for the pod
- `extra_args` (Map of String)
- `extra_envs` (List of Map of String) ExtraEnvs that will be added to VMStorage pod
- `host_network` (Boolean) HostNetwork controls whether the pod may use the node network namespace
- `image` (Attributes) Image - docker image settings for VMStorage (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--image))
- `init_containers` (List of Map of String) InitContainers allows adding initContainers to the pod definition. Those can be used to e.g. fetch secrets for injection into the VMStorage configuration from external sources. Any errors during the execution of an initContainer will lead to a restart of the Pod. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/init-containers/ Using initContainers for any use case other then secret fetching is entirely outside the scope of what the maintainers will support and by doing so, you accept that this behaviour may break at any time without notice.
- `liveness_probe` (Map of String) LivenessProbe that will be added CRD pod
- `log_format` (String) LogFormat for VMStorage to be configured with. default or json
- `log_level` (String) LogLevel for VMStorage to be configured with.
- `maintenance_insert_node_i_ds` (List of String) MaintenanceInsertNodeIDs - excludes given node ids from insert requests routing, must contain pod suffixes - for pod-0, id will be 0 and etc. lets say, you have pod-0, pod-1, pod-2, pod-3. to exclude pod-0 and pod-3 from insert routing, define nodeIDs: [0,3]. Useful at storage expanding, when you want to rebalance some data at cluster.
- `maintenance_select_node_i_ds` (List of String) MaintenanceInsertNodeIDs - excludes given node ids from select requests routing, must contain pod suffixes - for pod-0, id will be 0 and etc.
- `min_ready_seconds` (Number) MinReadySeconds defines a minim number os seconds to wait before starting update next pod if previous in healthy state
- `node_selector` (Map of String) NodeSelector Define which Nodes the Pods are scheduled on.
- `pod_disruption_budget` (Attributes) PodDisruptionBudget created by operator (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--pod_disruption_budget))
- `pod_metadata` (Attributes) PodMetadata configures Labels and Annotations which are propagated to the VMStorage pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--pod_metadata))
- `port` (String) Port for health check connetions
- `priority_class_name` (String) Priority class assigned to the Pods
- `readiness_gates` (Attributes List) ReadinessGates defines pod readiness gates (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--readiness_gates))
- `readiness_probe` (Map of String) ReadinessProbe that will be added CRD pod
- `resources` (Attributes) Resources container resource request and limits, https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/ (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--resources))
- `revision_history_limit_count` (Number) The number of old ReplicaSets to retain to allow rollback in deployment or maximum number of revisions that will be maintained in the StatefulSet's revision history. Defaults to 10.
- `rolling_update_strategy` (String) RollingUpdateStrategy defines strategy for application updates Default is OnDelete, in this case operator handles update process Can be changed for RollingUpdate
- `runtime_class_name` (String) RuntimeClassName - defines runtime class for kubernetes pod. https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/runtime-class/
- `scheduler_name` (String) SchedulerName - defines kubernetes scheduler name
- `secrets` (List of String) Secrets is a list of Secrets in the same namespace as the VMStorage object, which shall be mounted into the VMStorage Pods. The Secrets are mounted into /etc/vm/secrets/<secret-name>.
- `security_context` (Map of String) SecurityContext holds pod-level security attributes and common container settings. This defaults to the default PodSecurityContext.
- `service_scrape_spec` (Map of String) ServiceScrapeSpec that will be added to vmstorage VMServiceScrape spec
- `service_spec` (Attributes) ServiceSpec that will be create additional service for vmstorage (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--service_spec))
- `startup_probe` (Map of String) StartupProbe that will be added to CRD pod
- `storage` (Attributes) Storage - add persistent volume for StorageDataPath its useful for persistent cache (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--storage))
- `storage_data_path` (String) StorageDataPath - path to storage data
- `termination_grace_period_seconds` (Number) TerminationGracePeriodSeconds period for container graceful termination
- `tolerations` (Attributes List) Tolerations If specified, the pod's tolerations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--tolerations))
- `topology_spread_constraints` (List of Map of String) TopologySpreadConstraints embedded kubernetes pod configuration option, controls how pods are spread across your cluster among failure-domains such as regions, zones, nodes, and other user-defined topology domains https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-topology-spread-constraints/
- `vm_backup` (Attributes) VMBackup configuration for backup (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--vm_backup))
- `vm_insert_port` (String) VMInsertPort for VMInsert connections
- `vm_select_port` (String) VMSelectPort for VMSelect connections
- `volume_mounts` (Attributes List) VolumeMounts allows configuration of additional VolumeMounts on the output Deployment definition. VolumeMounts specified will be appended to other VolumeMounts in the VMStorage container, that are generated as a result of StorageSpec objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--volume_mounts))
- `volumes` (List of Map of String) Volumes allows configuration of additional volumes on the output Deployment definition. Volumes specified will be appended to other volumes that are generated as a result of StorageSpec objects.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--claim_templates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmstorage.claim_templates`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `metadata` (Map of String) Standard object's metadata. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata
- `spec` (Attributes) spec defines the desired characteristics of a volume requested by a pod author. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#persistentvolumeclaims (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--claim_templates--spec))
- `status` (Attributes) status represents the current information/status of a persistent volume claim. Read-only. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#persistentvolumeclaims (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--claim_templates--status))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--claim_templates--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmstorage.claim_templates.spec`

Optional:

- `access_modes` (List of String) accessModes contains the desired access modes the volume should have. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#access-modes-1
- `data_source` (Attributes) dataSource field can be used to specify either: * An existing VolumeSnapshot object (snapshot.storage.k8s.io/VolumeSnapshot) * An existing PVC (PersistentVolumeClaim) If the provisioner or an external controller can support the specified data source, it will create a new volume based on the contents of the specified data source. When the AnyVolumeDataSource feature gate is enabled, dataSource contents will be copied to dataSourceRef, and dataSourceRef contents will be copied to dataSource when dataSourceRef.namespace is not specified. If the namespace is specified, then dataSourceRef will not be copied to dataSource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--claim_templates--spec--data_source))
- `data_source_ref` (Attributes) dataSourceRef specifies the object from which to populate the volume with data, if a non-empty volume is desired. This may be any object from a non-empty API group (non core object) or a PersistentVolumeClaim object. When this field is specified, volume binding will only succeed if the type of the specified object matches some installed volume populator or dynamic provisioner. This field will replace the functionality of the dataSource field and as such if both fields are non-empty, they must have the same value. For backwards compatibility, when namespace isn't specified in dataSourceRef, both fields (dataSource and dataSourceRef) will be set to the same value automatically if one of them is empty and the other is non-empty. When namespace is specified in dataSourceRef, dataSource isn't set to the same value and must be empty. There are three important differences between dataSource and dataSourceRef: * While dataSource only allows two specific types of objects, dataSourceRef allows any non-core object, as well as PersistentVolumeClaim objects. * While dataSource ignores disallowed values (dropping them), dataSourceRef preserves all values, and generates an error if a disallowed value is specified. * While dataSource only allows local objects, dataSourceRef allows objects in any namespaces. (Beta) Using this field requires the AnyVolumeDataSource feature gate to be enabled. (Alpha) Using the namespace field of dataSourceRef requires the CrossNamespaceVolumeDataSource feature gate to be enabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--claim_templates--spec--data_source_ref))
- `resources` (Attributes) resources represents the minimum resources the volume should have. If RecoverVolumeExpansionFailure feature is enabled users are allowed to specify resource requirements that are lower than previous value but must still be higher than capacity recorded in the status field of the claim. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#resources (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--claim_templates--spec--resources))
- `selector` (Attributes) selector is a label query over volumes to consider for binding. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--claim_templates--spec--selector))
- `storage_class_name` (String) storageClassName is the name of the StorageClass required by the claim. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#class-1
- `volume_mode` (String) volumeMode defines what type of volume is required by the claim. Value of Filesystem is implied when not included in claim spec.
- `volume_name` (String) volumeName is the binding reference to the PersistentVolume backing this claim.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--claim_templates--spec--data_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmstorage.claim_templates.spec.data_source`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind is the type of resource being referenced
- `name` (String) Name is the name of resource being referenced

Optional:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup is the group for the resource being referenced. If APIGroup is not specified, the specified Kind must be in the core API group. For any other third-party types, APIGroup is required.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--claim_templates--spec--data_source_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmstorage.claim_templates.spec.data_source_ref`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind is the type of resource being referenced
- `name` (String) Name is the name of resource being referenced

Optional:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup is the group for the resource being referenced. If APIGroup is not specified, the specified Kind must be in the core API group. For any other third-party types, APIGroup is required.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of resource being referenced Note that when a namespace is specified, a gateway.networking.k8s.io/ReferenceGrant object is required in the referent namespace to allow that namespace's owner to accept the reference. See the ReferenceGrant documentation for details. (Alpha) This field requires the CrossNamespaceVolumeDataSource feature gate to be enabled.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--claim_templates--spec--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmstorage.claim_templates.spec.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims, that are used by this container. This is an alpha field and requires enabling the DynamicResourceAllocation feature gate. This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--claim_templates--spec--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--claim_templates--spec--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmstorage.claim_templates.spec.resources.claims`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims of the Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource available inside a container.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--claim_templates--spec--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmstorage.claim_templates.spec.selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--claim_templates--spec--selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--claim_templates--spec--selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmstorage.claim_templates.spec.selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--claim_templates--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmstorage.claim_templates.status`

Optional:

- `access_modes` (List of String) accessModes contains the actual access modes the volume backing the PVC has. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#access-modes-1
- `allocated_resources` (Map of String) allocatedResources is the storage resource within AllocatedResources tracks the capacity allocated to a PVC. It may be larger than the actual capacity when a volume expansion operation is requested. For storage quota, the larger value from allocatedResources and PVC.spec.resources is used. If allocatedResources is not set, PVC.spec.resources alone is used for quota calculation. If a volume expansion capacity request is lowered, allocatedResources is only lowered if there are no expansion operations in progress and if the actual volume capacity is equal or lower than the requested capacity. This is an alpha field and requires enabling RecoverVolumeExpansionFailure feature.
- `capacity` (Map of String) capacity represents the actual resources of the underlying volume.
- `conditions` (Attributes List) conditions is the current Condition of persistent volume claim. If underlying persistent volume is being resized then the Condition will be set to 'ResizeStarted'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--claim_templates--status--conditions))
- `phase` (String) phase represents the current phase of PersistentVolumeClaim.
- `resize_status` (String) resizeStatus stores status of resize operation. ResizeStatus is not set by default but when expansion is complete resizeStatus is set to empty string by resize controller or kubelet. This is an alpha field and requires enabling RecoverVolumeExpansionFailure feature.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--claim_templates--status--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmstorage.claim_templates.status.conditions`

Required:

- `status` (String)
- `type` (String) PersistentVolumeClaimConditionType is a valid value of PersistentVolumeClaimCondition.Type

Optional:

- `last_probe_time` (String) lastProbeTime is the time we probed the condition.
- `last_transition_time` (String) lastTransitionTime is the time the condition transitioned from one status to another.
- `message` (String) message is the human-readable message indicating details about last transition.
- `reason` (String) reason is a unique, this should be a short, machine understandable string that gives the reason for condition's last transition. If it reports 'ResizeStarted' that means the underlying persistent volume is being resized.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--dns_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmstorage.dns_config`

Optional:

- `nameservers` (List of String) A list of DNS name server IP addresses. This will be appended to the base nameservers generated from DNSPolicy. Duplicated nameservers will be removed.
- `options` (Attributes List) A list of DNS resolver options. This will be merged with the base options generated from DNSPolicy. Duplicated entries will be removed. Resolution options given in Options will override those that appear in the base DNSPolicy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--dns_config--options))
- `searches` (List of String) A list of DNS search domains for host-name lookup. This will be appended to the base search paths generated from DNSPolicy. Duplicated search paths will be removed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--dns_config--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmstorage.dns_config.options`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Required.
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--image"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmstorage.image`

Optional:

- `pull_policy` (String) PullPolicy describes how to pull docker image
- `repository` (String) Repository contains name of docker image + it's repository if needed
- `tag` (String) Tag contains desired docker image version


<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--pod_disruption_budget"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmstorage.pod_disruption_budget`

Optional:

- `max_unavailable` (String) An eviction is allowed if at most 'maxUnavailable' pods selected by 'selector' are unavailable after the eviction, i.e. even in absence of the evicted pod. For example, one can prevent all voluntary evictions by specifying 0. This is a mutually exclusive setting with 'minAvailable'.
- `min_available` (String) An eviction is allowed if at least 'minAvailable' pods selected by 'selector' will still be available after the eviction, i.e. even in the absence of the evicted pod. So for example you can prevent all voluntary evictions by specifying '100%'.
- `selector_labels` (Map of String) replaces default labels selector generated by operator it's useful when you need to create custom budget


<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--pod_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmstorage.pod_metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata. They are not queryable and should be preserved when modifying objects. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize (scope and select) objects. May match selectors of replication controllers and services. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels
- `name` (String) Name must be unique within a namespace. Is required when creating resources, although some resources may allow a client to request the generation of an appropriate name automatically. Name is primarily intended for creation idempotence and configuration definition. Cannot be updated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names#names


<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--readiness_gates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmstorage.readiness_gates`

Required:

- `condition_type` (String) ConditionType refers to a condition in the pod's condition list with matching type.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmstorage.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims, that are used by this container. This is an alpha field and requires enabling the DynamicResourceAllocation feature gate. This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmstorage.resources.claims`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims of the Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource available inside a container.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--service_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmstorage.service_spec`

Required:

- `spec` (Map of String) ServiceSpec describes the attributes that a user creates on a service. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/

Optional:

- `metadata` (Attributes) EmbeddedObjectMetadata defines objectMeta for additional service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--service_spec--metadata))
- `use_as_default` (Boolean) UseAsDefault applies changes from given service definition to the main object Service Changing from headless service to clusterIP or loadbalancer may break cross-component communication

<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--service_spec--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmstorage.service_spec.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata. They are not queryable and should be preserved when modifying objects. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize (scope and select) objects. May match selectors of replication controllers and services. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels
- `name` (String) Name must be unique within a namespace. Is required when creating resources, although some resources may allow a client to request the generation of an appropriate name automatically. Name is primarily intended for creation idempotence and configuration definition. Cannot be updated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names#names



<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmstorage.storage`

Optional:

- `disable_mount_sub_path` (Boolean) Deprecated: subPath usage will be disabled by default in a future release, this option will become unnecessary. DisableMountSubPath allows to remove any subPath usage in volume mounts.
- `empty_dir` (Attributes) EmptyDirVolumeSource to be used by the Prometheus StatefulSets. If specified, used in place of any volumeClaimTemplate. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/#emptydir (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--storage--empty_dir))
- `volume_claim_template` (Map of String) A PVC spec to be used by the VMAlertManager StatefulSets.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--storage--empty_dir"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmstorage.storage.empty_dir`

Optional:

- `medium` (String) medium represents what type of storage medium should back this directory. The default is '' which means to use the node's default medium. Must be an empty string (default) or Memory. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#emptydir
- `size_limit` (String) sizeLimit is the total amount of local storage required for this EmptyDir volume. The size limit is also applicable for memory medium. The maximum usage on memory medium EmptyDir would be the minimum value between the SizeLimit specified here and the sum of memory limits of all containers in a pod. The default is nil which means that the limit is undefined. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#emptydir



<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--tolerations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmstorage.tolerations`

Optional:

- `effect` (String) Effect indicates the taint effect to match. Empty means match all taint effects. When specified, allowed values are NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Key is the taint key that the toleration applies to. Empty means match all taint keys. If the key is empty, operator must be Exists; this combination means to match all values and all keys.
- `operator` (String) Operator represents a key's relationship to the value. Valid operators are Exists and Equal. Defaults to Equal. Exists is equivalent to wildcard for value, so that a pod can tolerate all taints of a particular category.
- `toleration_seconds` (Number) TolerationSeconds represents the period of time the toleration (which must be of effect NoExecute, otherwise this field is ignored) tolerates the taint. By default, it is not set, which means tolerate the taint forever (do not evict). Zero and negative values will be treated as 0 (evict immediately) by the system.
- `value` (String) Value is the taint value the toleration matches to. If the operator is Exists, the value should be empty, otherwise just a regular string.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--vm_backup"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmstorage.vm_backup`

Optional:

- `accept_eula` (Boolean) AcceptEULA accepts enterprise feature usage, must be set to true. otherwise backupmanager cannot be added to single/cluster version. https://victoriametrics.com/legal/esa/
- `concurrency` (Number) Defines number of concurrent workers. Higher concurrency may reduce backup duration (default 10)
- `credentials_secret` (Attributes) CredentialsSecret is secret in the same namespace for access to remote storage The secret is mounted into /etc/vm/creds. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--vm_backup--credentials_secret))
- `custom_s3_endpoint` (String) Custom S3 endpoint for use with S3-compatible storages (e.g. MinIO). S3 is used if not set
- `destination` (String) Defines destination for backup
- `destination_disable_suffix_add` (Boolean) DestinationDisableSuffixAdd - disables suffix adding for cluster version backups each vmstorage backup must have unique backup folder so operator adds POD_NAME as suffix for backup destination folder.
- `disable_daily` (Boolean) Defines if daily backups disabled (default false)
- `disable_hourly` (Boolean) Defines if hourly backups disabled (default false)
- `disable_monthly` (Boolean) Defines if monthly backups disabled (default false)
- `disable_weekly` (Boolean) Defines if weekly backups disabled (default false)
- `extra_args` (Map of String) extra args like maxBytesPerSecond default 0
- `extra_envs` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--vm_backup--extra_envs))
- `image` (Attributes) Image - docker image settings for VMBackuper (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--vm_backup--image))
- `log_format` (String) LogFormat for VMBackup to be configured with. default or json
- `log_level` (String) LogLevel for VMBackup to be configured with.
- `port` (String) Port for health check connections
- `resources` (Attributes) Resources container resource request and limits, https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/ if not defined default resources from operator config will be used (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--vm_backup--resources))
- `restore` (Attributes) Restore Allows to enable restore options for pod Read more: https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmbackupmanager.html#restore-commands (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--vm_backup--restore))
- `snapshot_create_url` (String) SnapshotCreateURL overwrites url for snapshot create
- `snapshot_delete_url` (String) SnapShotDeleteURL overwrites url for snapshot delete
- `volume_mounts` (Attributes List) VolumeMounts allows configuration of additional VolumeMounts on the output Deployment definition. VolumeMounts specified will be appended to other VolumeMounts in the vmbackupmanager container, that are generated as a result of StorageSpec objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--vm_backup--volume_mounts))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--vm_backup--credentials_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmstorage.vm_backup.credentials_secret`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from. Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--vm_backup--extra_envs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmstorage.vm_backup.extra_envs`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the environment variable. Must be a C_IDENTIFIER.

Optional:

- `value` (String) Variable references $(VAR_NAME) are expanded using the previously defined environment variables in the container and any service environment variables. If a variable cannot be resolved, the reference in the input string will be unchanged. Double $$ are reduced to a single $, which allows for escaping the $(VAR_NAME) syntax: i.e. '$$(VAR_NAME)' will produce the string literal '$(VAR_NAME)'. Escaped references will never be expanded, regardless of whether the variable exists or not. Defaults to ''.
- `value_from` (Attributes) Source for the environment variable's value. Cannot be used if value is not empty. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--vm_backup--extra_envs--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--vm_backup--extra_envs--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmstorage.vm_backup.extra_envs.value_from`

Optional:

- `config_map_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a ConfigMap. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--vm_backup--extra_envs--value_from--config_map_key_ref))
- `field_ref` (Attributes) Selects a field of the pod: supports metadata.name, metadata.namespace, 'metadata.labels['<KEY>']', 'metadata.annotations['<KEY>']', spec.nodeName, spec.serviceAccountName, status.hostIP, status.podIP, status.podIPs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--vm_backup--extra_envs--value_from--field_ref))
- `resource_field_ref` (Attributes) Selects a resource of the container: only resources limits and requests (limits.cpu, limits.memory, limits.ephemeral-storage, requests.cpu, requests.memory and requests.ephemeral-storage) are currently supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--vm_backup--extra_envs--value_from--resource_field_ref))
- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a secret in the pod's namespace (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--vm_backup--extra_envs--value_from--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--vm_backup--extra_envs--value_from--config_map_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmstorage.vm_backup.extra_envs.value_from.config_map_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key to select.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the ConfigMap or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--vm_backup--extra_envs--value_from--field_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmstorage.vm_backup.extra_envs.value_from.field_ref`

Required:

- `field_path` (String) Path of the field to select in the specified API version.

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) Version of the schema the FieldPath is written in terms of, defaults to 'v1'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--vm_backup--extra_envs--value_from--resource_field_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmstorage.vm_backup.extra_envs.value_from.resource_field_ref`

Required:

- `resource` (String) Required: resource to select

Optional:

- `container_name` (String) Container name: required for volumes, optional for env vars
- `divisor` (String) Specifies the output format of the exposed resources, defaults to '1'


<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--vm_backup--extra_envs--value_from--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmstorage.vm_backup.extra_envs.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from. Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined




<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--vm_backup--image"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmstorage.vm_backup.image`

Optional:

- `pull_policy` (String) PullPolicy describes how to pull docker image
- `repository` (String) Repository contains name of docker image + it's repository if needed
- `tag` (String) Tag contains desired docker image version


<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--vm_backup--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmstorage.vm_backup.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims, that are used by this container. This is an alpha field and requires enabling the DynamicResourceAllocation feature gate. This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--vm_backup--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--vm_backup--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmstorage.vm_backup.resources.claims`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims of the Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource available inside a container.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--vm_backup--restore"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmstorage.vm_backup.restore`

Optional:

- `on_start` (Attributes) OnStart defines configuration for restore on pod start (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--vm_backup--restore--on_start))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--vm_backup--restore--on_start"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmstorage.vm_backup.restore.on_start`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled defines if restore on start enabled



<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--vm_backup--volume_mounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmstorage.vm_backup.volume_mounts`

Required:

- `mount_path` (String) Path within the container at which the volume should be mounted. Must not contain ':'.
- `name` (String) This must match the Name of a Volume.

Optional:

- `mount_propagation` (String) mountPropagation determines how mounts are propagated from the host to container and the other way around. When not set, MountPropagationNone is used. This field is beta in 1.10.
- `read_only` (Boolean) Mounted read-only if true, read-write otherwise (false or unspecified). Defaults to false.
- `sub_path` (String) Path within the volume from which the container's volume should be mounted. Defaults to '' (volume's root).
- `sub_path_expr` (String) Expanded path within the volume from which the container's volume should be mounted. Behaves similarly to SubPath but environment variable references $(VAR_NAME) are expanded using the container's environment. Defaults to '' (volume's root). SubPathExpr and SubPath are mutually exclusive.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--vmstorage--volume_mounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vmstorage.volume_mounts`

Required:

- `mount_path` (String) Path within the container at which the volume should be mounted. Must not contain ':'.
- `name` (String) This must match the Name of a Volume.

Optional:

- `mount_propagation` (String) mountPropagation determines how mounts are propagated from the host to container and the other way around. When not set, MountPropagationNone is used. This field is beta in 1.10.
- `read_only` (Boolean) Mounted read-only if true, read-write otherwise (false or unspecified). Defaults to false.
- `sub_path` (String) Path within the volume from which the container's volume should be mounted. Defaults to '' (volume's root).
- `sub_path_expr` (String) Expanded path within the volume from which the container's volume should be mounted. Behaves similarly to SubPath but environment variable references $(VAR_NAME) are expanded using the container's environment. Defaults to '' (volume's root). SubPathExpr and SubPath are mutually exclusive.
