---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_operator_victoriametrics_com_vm_single_v1beta1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "operator.victoriametrics.com"
description: |-
  VMSingle  is fast, cost-effective and scalable time-series database.
---

# k8s_operator_victoriametrics_com_vm_single_v1beta1_manifest (Data Source)

VMSingle  is fast, cost-effective and scalable time-series database.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_operator_victoriametrics_com_vm_single_v1beta1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) VMSingleSpec defines the desired state of VMSingle (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `retention_period` (String) RetentionPeriod for the stored metricsNote VictoriaMetrics has data/ and indexdb/ foldersmetrics from data/ removed eventually as soon as partition leaves retention periodreverse index data at indexdb rotates once at the half of configured retention periodhttps://docs.victoriametrics.com/Single-server-VictoriaMetrics.html#retention

Optional:

- `affinity` (Map of String) Affinity If specified, the pod's scheduling constraints.
- `config_maps` (List of String) ConfigMaps is a list of ConfigMaps in the same namespace as the VMSingleobject, which shall be mounted into the VMSingle Pods.
- `containers` (List of Map of String) Containers property allows to inject additions sidecars or to patch existing containers.It can be useful for proxies, backup, etc.
- `dns_config` (Attributes) Specifies the DNS parameters of a pod.Parameters specified here will be merged to the generated DNSconfiguration based on DNSPolicy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--dns_config))
- `dns_policy` (String) DNSPolicy sets DNS policy for the pod
- `extra_args` (Map of String) ExtraArgs that will be passed to  VMSingle podfor example remoteWrite.tmpDataPath: /tmp
- `extra_envs` (List of Map of String) ExtraEnvs that will be added to VMSingle pod
- `host_aliases` (Attributes List) HostAliases provides mapping for ip and hostname,that would be propagated to pod,cannot be used with HostNetwork. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--host_aliases))
- `host_network` (Boolean) HostNetwork controls whether the pod may use the node network namespace
- `image` (Attributes) Image - docker image settings for VMSingleif no specified operator uses default config version (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--image))
- `image_pull_secrets` (Attributes List) ImagePullSecrets An optional list of references to secrets in the same namespaceto use for pulling images from registriessee https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images/#referring-to-an-imagepullsecrets-on-a-pod (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--image_pull_secrets))
- `init_containers` (List of Map of String) InitContainers allows adding initContainers to the pod definition. Those can be used to e.g.fetch secrets for injection into the vmSingle configuration from external sources. Anyerrors during the execution of an initContainer will lead to a restart of the Pod. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/init-containers/Using initContainers for any use case other then secret fetching is entirely outside the scopeof what the maintainers will support and by doing so, you accept that this behaviour may breakat any time without notice.
- `insert_ports` (Attributes) InsertPorts - additional listen ports for data ingestion. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--insert_ports))
- `license` (Attributes) License allows to configure license key to be used for enterprise features.Using license key is supported starting from VictoriaMetrics v1.94.0.See: https://docs.victoriametrics.com/enterprise.html (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--license))
- `liveness_probe` (Map of String) LivenessProbe that will be added CRD pod
- `log_format` (String) LogFormat for VMSingle to be configured with.
- `log_level` (String) LogLevel for victoria metrics single to be configured with.
- `node_selector` (Map of String) NodeSelector Define which Nodes the Pods are scheduled on.
- `pod_metadata` (Attributes) PodMetadata configures Labels and Annotations which are propagated to the VMSingle pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_metadata))
- `pod_security_policy_name` (String) PodSecurityPolicyName - defines name for podSecurityPolicyin case of empty value, prefixedName will be used.
- `port` (String) Port listen port
- `priority_class_name` (String) PriorityClassName assigned to the Pods
- `readiness_gates` (Attributes List) ReadinessGates defines pod readiness gates (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--readiness_gates))
- `readiness_probe` (Map of String) ReadinessProbe that will be added CRD pod
- `remove_pvc_after_delete` (Boolean) RemovePvcAfterDelete - if true, controller adds ownership to pvcand after VMSingle objest deletion - pvc will be garbage collectedby controller manager
- `replica_count` (Number) ReplicaCount is the expected size of the VMSingleit can be 0 or 1if you need more - use vm cluster
- `resources` (Attributes) Resources container resource request and limits, https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/if not defined default resources from operator config will be used (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources))
- `revision_history_limit_count` (Number) The number of old ReplicaSets to retain to allow rollback in deployment ormaximum number of revisions that will be maintained in the StatefulSet's revision history.Defaults to 10.
- `runtime_class_name` (String) RuntimeClassName - defines runtime class for kubernetes pod.https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/runtime-class/
- `scheduler_name` (String) SchedulerName - defines kubernetes scheduler name
- `secrets` (List of String) Secrets is a list of Secrets in the same namespace as the VMSingleobject, which shall be mounted into the VMSingle Pods.
- `security_context` (Map of String) SecurityContext holds pod-level security attributes and common container settings.This defaults to the default PodSecurityContext.
- `service_account_name` (String) ServiceAccountName is the name of the ServiceAccount to use to run theVMSingle Pods.
- `service_scrape_spec` (Map of String) ServiceScrapeSpec that will be added to vmsingle VMServiceScrape spec
- `service_spec` (Attributes) ServiceSpec that will be added to vmsingle service spec (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--service_spec))
- `startup_probe` (Map of String) StartupProbe that will be added to CRD pod
- `storage` (Attributes) Storage is the definition of how storage will be used by the VMSingleby default it's empty dir (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage))
- `storage_data_path` (String) StorageDataPath disables spec.storage option and overrides arg for victoria-metrics binary --storageDataPath,its users responsibility to mount proper device into given path.
- `storage_metadata` (Attributes) StorageMeta defines annotations and labels attached to PVC for given vmsingle CR (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage_metadata))
- `stream_aggr_config` (Attributes) StreamAggrConfig defines stream aggregation configuration for VMSingle (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--stream_aggr_config))
- `termination_grace_period_seconds` (Number) TerminationGracePeriodSeconds period for container graceful termination
- `tolerations` (Attributes List) Tolerations If specified, the pod's tolerations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tolerations))
- `topology_spread_constraints` (List of Map of String) TopologySpreadConstraints embedded kubernetes pod configuration option,controls how pods are spread across your cluster among failure-domainssuch as regions, zones, nodes, and other user-defined topology domainshttps://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-topology-spread-constraints/
- `use_strict_security` (Boolean) UseStrictSecurity enables strict security mode for componentit restricts disk writes accessuses non-root user out of the boxdrops not needed security permissions
- `vm_backup` (Attributes) VMBackup configuration for backup (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vm_backup))
- `volume_mounts` (Attributes List) VolumeMounts allows configuration of additional VolumeMounts on the output Deployment definition.VolumeMounts specified will be appended to other VolumeMounts in the VMSingle container,that are generated as a result of StorageSpec objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume_mounts))
- `volumes` (List of Map of String) Volumes allows configuration of additional volumes on the output deploy definition.Volumes specified will be appended to other volumes that are generated as a result ofStorageSpec objects.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--dns_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.dns_config`

Optional:

- `nameservers` (List of String) A list of DNS name server IP addresses.This will be appended to the base nameservers generated from DNSPolicy.Duplicated nameservers will be removed.
- `options` (Attributes List) A list of DNS resolver options.This will be merged with the base options generated from DNSPolicy.Duplicated entries will be removed. Resolution options given in Optionswill override those that appear in the base DNSPolicy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--dns_config--options))
- `searches` (List of String) A list of DNS search domains for host-name lookup.This will be appended to the base search paths generated from DNSPolicy.Duplicated search paths will be removed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--dns_config--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.dns_config.options`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Required.
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--host_aliases"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.host_aliases`

Optional:

- `hostnames` (List of String) Hostnames for the above IP address.
- `ip` (String) IP address of the host file entry.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--image"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.image`

Optional:

- `pull_policy` (String) PullPolicy describes how to pull docker image
- `repository` (String) Repository contains name of docker image + it's repository if needed
- `tag` (String) Tag contains desired docker image version


<a id="nestedatt--spec--image_pull_secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.image_pull_secrets`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?


<a id="nestedatt--spec--insert_ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.insert_ports`

Optional:

- `graphite_port` (String) GraphitePort listen port
- `influx_port` (String) InfluxPort listen port
- `open_tsdb_port` (String) OpenTSDBPort for tcp and udp listen
- `open_tsdbhttp_port` (String) OpenTSDBHTTPPort for http connections.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--license"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.license`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Enterprise license key. This flag is available only in VictoriaMetrics enterprise.Documentation - https://docs.victoriametrics.com/enterprise.htmlfor more information, visit https://victoriametrics.com/products/enterprise/ .To request a trial license, go to https://victoriametrics.com/products/enterprise/trial/
- `key_ref` (Attributes) KeyRef is reference to secret with license key for enterprise features. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--license--key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--license--key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.license.key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined



<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may beset by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata. They are notqueryable and should be preserved when modifying objects.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize(scope and select) objects. May match selectors of replication controllersand services.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels
- `name` (String) Name must be unique within a namespace. Is required when creating resources, althoughsome resources may allow a client to request the generation of an appropriate nameautomatically. Name is primarily intended for creation idempotence and configurationdefinition.Cannot be updated.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names#names


<a id="nestedatt--spec--readiness_gates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.readiness_gates`

Required:

- `condition_type` (String) ConditionType refers to a condition in the pod's condition list with matching type.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims,that are used by this container.This is an alpha field and requires enabling theDynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required.If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified,otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources.claims`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims ofthe Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource availableinside a container.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--service_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.service_spec`

Required:

- `spec` (Map of String) ServiceSpec describes the attributes that a user creates on a service.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/

Optional:

- `metadata` (Attributes) EmbeddedObjectMetadata defines objectMeta for additional service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--service_spec--metadata))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--service_spec--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.service_spec.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may beset by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata. They are notqueryable and should be preserved when modifying objects.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize(scope and select) objects. May match selectors of replication controllersand services.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels
- `name` (String) Name must be unique within a namespace. Is required when creating resources, althoughsome resources may allow a client to request the generation of an appropriate nameautomatically. Name is primarily intended for creation idempotence and configurationdefinition.Cannot be updated.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names#names



<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage`

Optional:

- `access_modes` (List of String) accessModes contains the desired access modes the volume should have.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#access-modes-1
- `data_source` (Attributes) dataSource field can be used to specify either:* An existing VolumeSnapshot object (snapshot.storage.k8s.io/VolumeSnapshot)* An existing PVC (PersistentVolumeClaim)If the provisioner or an external controller can support the specified data source,it will create a new volume based on the contents of the specified data source.When the AnyVolumeDataSource feature gate is enabled, dataSource contents will be copied to dataSourceRef,and dataSourceRef contents will be copied to dataSource when dataSourceRef.namespace is not specified.If the namespace is specified, then dataSourceRef will not be copied to dataSource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--data_source))
- `data_source_ref` (Attributes) dataSourceRef specifies the object from which to populate the volume with data, if a non-emptyvolume is desired. This may be any object from a non-empty API group (noncore object) or a PersistentVolumeClaim object.When this field is specified, volume binding will only succeed if the type ofthe specified object matches some installed volume populator or dynamicprovisioner.This field will replace the functionality of the dataSource field and as suchif both fields are non-empty, they must have the same value. For backwardscompatibility, when namespace isn't specified in dataSourceRef,both fields (dataSource and dataSourceRef) will be set to the samevalue automatically if one of them is empty and the other is non-empty.When namespace is specified in dataSourceRef,dataSource isn't set to the same value and must be empty.There are three important differences between dataSource and dataSourceRef:* While dataSource only allows two specific types of objects, dataSourceRef  allows any non-core object, as well as PersistentVolumeClaim objects.* While dataSource ignores disallowed values (dropping them), dataSourceRef  preserves all values, and generates an error if a disallowed value is  specified.* While dataSource only allows local objects, dataSourceRef allows objects  in any namespaces.(Beta) Using this field requires the AnyVolumeDataSource feature gate to be enabled.(Alpha) Using the namespace field of dataSourceRef requires the CrossNamespaceVolumeDataSource feature gate to be enabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--data_source_ref))
- `resources` (Attributes) resources represents the minimum resources the volume should have.If RecoverVolumeExpansionFailure feature is enabled users are allowed to specify resource requirementsthat are lower than previous value but must still be higher than capacity recorded in thestatus field of the claim.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#resources (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--resources))
- `selector` (Attributes) selector is a label query over volumes to consider for binding. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--selector))
- `storage_class_name` (String) storageClassName is the name of the StorageClass required by the claim.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#class-1
- `volume_mode` (String) volumeMode defines what type of volume is required by the claim.Value of Filesystem is implied when not included in claim spec.
- `volume_name` (String) volumeName is the binding reference to the PersistentVolume backing this claim.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--data_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.data_source`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind is the type of resource being referenced
- `name` (String) Name is the name of resource being referenced

Optional:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup is the group for the resource being referenced.If APIGroup is not specified, the specified Kind must be in the core API group.For any other third-party types, APIGroup is required.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--data_source_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.data_source_ref`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind is the type of resource being referenced
- `name` (String) Name is the name of resource being referenced

Optional:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup is the group for the resource being referenced.If APIGroup is not specified, the specified Kind must be in the core API group.For any other third-party types, APIGroup is required.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of resource being referencedNote that when a namespace is specified, a gateway.networking.k8s.io/ReferenceGrant object is required in the referent namespace to allow that namespace's owner to accept the reference. See the ReferenceGrant documentation for details.(Alpha) This field requires the CrossNamespaceVolumeDataSource feature gate to be enabled.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims,that are used by this container.This is an alpha field and requires enabling theDynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required.If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified,otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.resources.requests`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims ofthe Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource availableinside a container.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.selector.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage_metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may beset by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata. They are notqueryable and should be preserved when modifying objects.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize(scope and select) objects. May match selectors of replication controllersand services.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels
- `name` (String) Name must be unique within a namespace. Is required when creating resources, althoughsome resources may allow a client to request the generation of an appropriate nameautomatically. Name is primarily intended for creation idempotence and configurationdefinition.Cannot be updated.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names#names


<a id="nestedatt--spec--stream_aggr_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.stream_aggr_config`

Required:

- `rules` (Attributes List) Stream aggregation rules (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--stream_aggr_config--rules))

Optional:

- `dedup_interval` (String) Allows setting different de-duplication intervals per each configured remote storage
- `drop_input` (Boolean) Allow drop all the input samples after the aggregation
- `keep_input` (Boolean) Allows writing both raw and aggregate data

<a id="nestedatt--spec--stream_aggr_config--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.stream_aggr_config.rules`

Required:

- `interval` (String) Interval is the interval between aggregations.
- `outputs` (List of String) Outputs is a list of output aggregate functions to produce.The following names are allowed:- total - aggregates input counters- increase - counts the increase over input counters- count_series - counts the input series- count_samples - counts the input samples- sum_samples - sums the input samples- last - the last biggest sample value- min - the minimum sample value- max - the maximum sample value- avg - the average value across all the samples- stddev - standard deviation across all the samples- stdvar - standard variance across all the samples- histogram_bucket - creates VictoriaMetrics histogram for input samples- quantiles(phi1, ..., phiN) - quantiles' estimation for phi in the range [0..1]The output time series will have the following names:  input_name:aggr_<interval>_<output>

Optional:

- `by` (List of String) By is an optional list of labels for grouping input series.See also Without.If neither By nor Without are set, then the Outputs are calculatedindividually per each input time series.
- `flush_on_shutdown` (Boolean) FlushOnShutdown defines whether to flush the aggregation state on process terminationor config reload. Is 'false' by default.It is not recommended changing this setting, unless unfinished aggregations statesare preferred to missing data points.
- `input_relabel_configs` (Attributes List) InputRelabelConfigs is an optional relabeling rules, which are applied on the inputbefore aggregation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--stream_aggr_config--rules--input_relabel_configs))
- `match` (Map of String) Match is a label selector (or list of label selectors) for filtering time series for the given selector.If the match isn't set, then all the input time series are processed.
- `output_relabel_configs` (Attributes List) OutputRelabelConfigs is an optional relabeling rules, which are appliedon the aggregated output before being sent to remote storage. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--stream_aggr_config--rules--output_relabel_configs))
- `staleness_interval` (String) StalenessInterval defines an interval after which the series state will be reset if no samples have been sent during it.
- `without` (List of String) Without is an optional list of labels, which must be excluded when grouping input series.See also By.If neither By nor Without are set, then the Outputs are calculatedindividually per each input time series.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--stream_aggr_config--rules--input_relabel_configs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.stream_aggr_config.rules.without`

Optional:

- `action` (String) Action to perform based on regex matching. Default is 'replace'
- `if` (Map of String) If represents metricsQL match expression (or list of expressions): '{__name__=~'foo_.*'}'
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels is used together with Match for 'action: graphite'
- `match` (String) Match is used together with Labels for 'action: graphite'
- `modulus` (Number) Modulus to take of the hash of the source label values.
- `regex` (String) Regular expression against which the extracted value is matched. Default is '(.*)'
- `replacement` (String) Replacement value against which a regex replace is performed if theregular expression matches. Regex capture groups are available. Default is '$1'
- `separator` (String) Separator placed between concatenated source label values. default is ';'.
- `source_labels` (List of String) The source labels select values from existing labels. Their content is concatenatedusing the configured separator and matched against the configured regular expressionfor the replace, keep, and drop actions.
- `target_label` (String) Label to which the resulting value is written in a replace action.It is mandatory for replace actions. Regex capture groups are available.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--stream_aggr_config--rules--output_relabel_configs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.stream_aggr_config.rules.without`

Optional:

- `action` (String) Action to perform based on regex matching. Default is 'replace'
- `if` (Map of String) If represents metricsQL match expression (or list of expressions): '{__name__=~'foo_.*'}'
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels is used together with Match for 'action: graphite'
- `match` (String) Match is used together with Labels for 'action: graphite'
- `modulus` (Number) Modulus to take of the hash of the source label values.
- `regex` (String) Regular expression against which the extracted value is matched. Default is '(.*)'
- `replacement` (String) Replacement value against which a regex replace is performed if theregular expression matches. Regex capture groups are available. Default is '$1'
- `separator` (String) Separator placed between concatenated source label values. default is ';'.
- `source_labels` (List of String) The source labels select values from existing labels. Their content is concatenatedusing the configured separator and matched against the configured regular expressionfor the replace, keep, and drop actions.
- `target_label` (String) Label to which the resulting value is written in a replace action.It is mandatory for replace actions. Regex capture groups are available.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--tolerations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tolerations`

Optional:

- `effect` (String) Effect indicates the taint effect to match. Empty means match all taint effects.When specified, allowed values are NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Key is the taint key that the toleration applies to. Empty means match all taint keys.If the key is empty, operator must be Exists; this combination means to match all values and all keys.
- `operator` (String) Operator represents a key's relationship to the value.Valid operators are Exists and Equal. Defaults to Equal.Exists is equivalent to wildcard for value, so that a pod cantolerate all taints of a particular category.
- `toleration_seconds` (Number) TolerationSeconds represents the period of time the toleration (which must beof effect NoExecute, otherwise this field is ignored) tolerates the taint. By default,it is not set, which means tolerate the taint forever (do not evict). Zero andnegative values will be treated as 0 (evict immediately) by the system.
- `value` (String) Value is the taint value the toleration matches to.If the operator is Exists, the value should be empty, otherwise just a regular string.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--vm_backup"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vm_backup`

Optional:

- `accept_eula` (Boolean) AcceptEULA accepts enterprise feature usage, must be set to true.otherwise backupmanager cannot be added to single/cluster version.https://victoriametrics.com/legal/esa/
- `concurrency` (Number) Defines number of concurrent workers. Higher concurrency may reduce backup duration (default 10)
- `credentials_secret` (Attributes) CredentialsSecret is secret in the same namespace for access to remote storageThe secret is mounted into /etc/vm/creds. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vm_backup--credentials_secret))
- `custom_s3_endpoint` (String) Custom S3 endpoint for use with S3-compatible storages (e.g. MinIO). S3 is used if not set
- `destination` (String) Defines destination for backup
- `destination_disable_suffix_add` (Boolean) DestinationDisableSuffixAdd - disables suffix adding for cluster version backupseach vmstorage backup must have unique backup folderso operator adds POD_NAME as suffix for backup destination folder.
- `disable_daily` (Boolean) Defines if daily backups disabled (default false)
- `disable_hourly` (Boolean) Defines if hourly backups disabled (default false)
- `disable_monthly` (Boolean) Defines if monthly backups disabled (default false)
- `disable_weekly` (Boolean) Defines if weekly backups disabled (default false)
- `extra_args` (Map of String) extra args like maxBytesPerSecond default 0
- `extra_envs` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vm_backup--extra_envs))
- `image` (Attributes) Image - docker image settings for VMBackuper (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vm_backup--image))
- `log_format` (String) LogFormat for VMSelect to be configured with.default or json
- `log_level` (String) LogLevel for VMSelect to be configured with.
- `port` (String) Port for health check connections
- `resources` (Attributes) Resources container resource request and limits, https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/if not defined default resources from operator config will be used (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vm_backup--resources))
- `restore` (Attributes) Restore Allows to enable restore options for podRead more: https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmbackupmanager.html#restore-commands (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vm_backup--restore))
- `snapshot_create_url` (String) SnapshotCreateURL overwrites url for snapshot create
- `snapshot_delete_url` (String) SnapShotDeleteURL overwrites url for snapshot delete
- `volume_mounts` (Attributes List) VolumeMounts allows configuration of additional VolumeMounts on the output Deployment definition.VolumeMounts specified will be appended to other VolumeMounts in the vmbackupmanager container,that are generated as a result of StorageSpec objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vm_backup--volume_mounts))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--vm_backup--credentials_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vm_backup.credentials_secret`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--vm_backup--extra_envs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vm_backup.extra_envs`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the environment variable. Must be a C_IDENTIFIER.

Optional:

- `value` (String) Variable references $(VAR_NAME) are expandedusing the previously defined environment variables in the container andany service environment variables. If a variable cannot be resolved,the reference in the input string will be unchanged. Double $$ are reducedto a single $, which allows for escaping the $(VAR_NAME) syntax: i.e.'$$(VAR_NAME)' will produce the string literal '$(VAR_NAME)'.Escaped references will never be expanded, regardless of whether the variableexists or not.Defaults to ''.
- `value_from` (Attributes) Source for the environment variable's value. Cannot be used if value is not empty. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vm_backup--extra_envs--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--vm_backup--extra_envs--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vm_backup.extra_envs.value_from`

Optional:

- `config_map_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a ConfigMap. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vm_backup--extra_envs--value_from--config_map_key_ref))
- `field_ref` (Attributes) Selects a field of the pod: supports metadata.name, metadata.namespace, 'metadata.labels['<KEY>']', 'metadata.annotations['<KEY>']',spec.nodeName, spec.serviceAccountName, status.hostIP, status.podIP, status.podIPs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vm_backup--extra_envs--value_from--field_ref))
- `resource_field_ref` (Attributes) Selects a resource of the container: only resources limits and requests(limits.cpu, limits.memory, limits.ephemeral-storage, requests.cpu, requests.memory and requests.ephemeral-storage) are currently supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vm_backup--extra_envs--value_from--resource_field_ref))
- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a secret in the pod's namespace (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vm_backup--extra_envs--value_from--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--vm_backup--extra_envs--value_from--config_map_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vm_backup.extra_envs.value_from.config_map_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key to select.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the ConfigMap or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--vm_backup--extra_envs--value_from--field_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vm_backup.extra_envs.value_from.field_ref`

Required:

- `field_path` (String) Path of the field to select in the specified API version.

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) Version of the schema the FieldPath is written in terms of, defaults to 'v1'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--vm_backup--extra_envs--value_from--resource_field_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vm_backup.extra_envs.value_from.resource_field_ref`

Required:

- `resource` (String) Required: resource to select

Optional:

- `container_name` (String) Container name: required for volumes, optional for env vars
- `divisor` (String) Specifies the output format of the exposed resources, defaults to '1'


<a id="nestedatt--spec--vm_backup--extra_envs--value_from--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vm_backup.extra_envs.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined




<a id="nestedatt--spec--vm_backup--image"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vm_backup.image`

Optional:

- `pull_policy` (String) PullPolicy describes how to pull docker image
- `repository` (String) Repository contains name of docker image + it's repository if needed
- `tag` (String) Tag contains desired docker image version


<a id="nestedatt--spec--vm_backup--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vm_backup.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims,that are used by this container.This is an alpha field and requires enabling theDynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vm_backup--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required.If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified,otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--vm_backup--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vm_backup.resources.requests`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims ofthe Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource availableinside a container.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--vm_backup--restore"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vm_backup.restore`

Optional:

- `on_start` (Attributes) OnStart defines configuration for restore on pod start (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vm_backup--restore--on_start))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--vm_backup--restore--on_start"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vm_backup.restore.on_start`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled defines if restore on start enabled



<a id="nestedatt--spec--vm_backup--volume_mounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vm_backup.volume_mounts`

Required:

- `mount_path` (String) Path within the container at which the volume should be mounted.  Mustnot contain ':'.
- `name` (String) This must match the Name of a Volume.

Optional:

- `mount_propagation` (String) mountPropagation determines how mounts are propagated from the hostto container and the other way around.When not set, MountPropagationNone is used.This field is beta in 1.10.
- `read_only` (Boolean) Mounted read-only if true, read-write otherwise (false or unspecified).Defaults to false.
- `sub_path` (String) Path within the volume from which the container's volume should be mounted.Defaults to '' (volume's root).
- `sub_path_expr` (String) Expanded path within the volume from which the container's volume should be mounted.Behaves similarly to SubPath but environment variable references $(VAR_NAME) are expanded using the container's environment.Defaults to '' (volume's root).SubPathExpr and SubPath are mutually exclusive.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume_mounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume_mounts`

Required:

- `mount_path` (String) Path within the container at which the volume should be mounted.  Mustnot contain ':'.
- `name` (String) This must match the Name of a Volume.

Optional:

- `mount_propagation` (String) mountPropagation determines how mounts are propagated from the hostto container and the other way around.When not set, MountPropagationNone is used.This field is beta in 1.10.
- `read_only` (Boolean) Mounted read-only if true, read-write otherwise (false or unspecified).Defaults to false.
- `sub_path` (String) Path within the volume from which the container's volume should be mounted.Defaults to '' (volume's root).
- `sub_path_expr` (String) Expanded path within the volume from which the container's volume should be mounted.Behaves similarly to SubPath but environment variable references $(VAR_NAME) are expanded using the container's environment.Defaults to '' (volume's root).SubPathExpr and SubPath are mutually exclusive.
