---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_operator_marin3r_3scale_net_discovery_service_certificate_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "operator.marin3r.3scale.net"
description: |-
  DiscoveryServiceCertificate is an internal resource used to create certificates. This resource is used by the DiscoveryService controller to create the required certificates for the different components. Direct use of DiscoveryServiceCertificate objects is discouraged.
---

# k8s_operator_marin3r_3scale_net_discovery_service_certificate_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

DiscoveryServiceCertificate is an internal resource used to create certificates. This resource is used by the DiscoveryService controller to create the required certificates for the different components. Direct use of DiscoveryServiceCertificate objects is discouraged.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_operator_marin3r_3scale_net_discovery_service_certificate_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) DiscoveryServiceCertificateSpec defines the desired state of DiscoveryServiceCertificate (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `common_name` (String) CommonName is the CommonName of the certificate
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) SecretRef is a reference to the secret that will hold the certificate and the private key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--secret_ref))
- `signer` (Attributes) Signer specifies the signer to use to create this certificate. Supported signers are CertManager and SelfSigned. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--signer))
- `valid_for` (Number) ValidFor specifies the validity of the certificate in seconds

Optional:

- `certificate_renewal` (Attributes) CertificateRenewalConfig configures the certificate renewal process. If unset default behavior is to renew the certificate but not notify of renewals. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--certificate_renewal))
- `hosts` (List of String) Hosts is the list of hosts the certificate is valid for. Only use when 'IsServerCertificate' is true. If unset, the CommonName field will be used to populate the valid hosts of the certificate.
- `is_ca` (Boolean) IsCA is a boolean specifying that the certificate is a CA
- `server` (Boolean) IsServerCertificate is a boolean specifying if the certificate should be issued with server auth usage enabled

<a id="nestedatt--spec--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) name is unique within a namespace to reference a secret resource.
- `namespace` (String) namespace defines the space within which the secret name must be unique.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--signer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.signer`

Optional:

- `ca_signed` (Attributes) CASigned holds specific configuration for the CASigned signer (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--signer--ca_signed))
- `self_signed` (Map of String) SelfSigned holds specific configuration for the SelfSigned signer

<a id="nestedatt--spec--signer--ca_signed"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.signer.ca_signed`

Required:

- `ca_secret_ref` (Attributes) A reference to a Secret containing the CA (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--signer--ca_signed--ca_secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--signer--ca_signed--ca_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.signer.ca_signed.ca_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) name is unique within a namespace to reference a secret resource.
- `namespace` (String) namespace defines the space within which the secret name must be unique.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--certificate_renewal"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.certificate_renewal`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled is a flag to enable or disable renewal of the certificate
