---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_operator_victoriametrics_com_vm_alert_v1beta1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "operator.victoriametrics.com"
description: |-
  VMAlert  executes a list of given alerting or recording rules against configured address.
---

# k8s_operator_victoriametrics_com_vm_alert_v1beta1_manifest (Data Source)

VMAlert  executes a list of given alerting or recording rules against configured address.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_operator_victoriametrics_com_vm_alert_v1beta1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) VMAlertSpec defines the desired state of VMAlert (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `datasource` (Attributes) Datasource Victoria Metrics or VMSelect url. Required parameter. e.g. http://127.0.0.1:8428 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--datasource))

Optional:

- `affinity` (Map of String) Affinity If specified, the pod's scheduling constraints.
- `config_maps` (List of String) ConfigMaps is a list of ConfigMaps in the same namespace as the VMAlertobject, which shall be mounted into the VMAlert Pods.The ConfigMaps are mounted into /etc/vm/configs/<configmap-name>.
- `config_reloader_extra_args` (Map of String) ConfigReloaderExtraArgs that will be passed to  VMAuths config-reloader containerfor example resyncInterval: '30s'
- `containers` (List of Map of String) Containers property allows to inject additions sidecars or to patch existing containers.It can be useful for proxies, backup, etc.
- `dns_config` (Attributes) Specifies the DNS parameters of a pod.Parameters specified here will be merged to the generated DNSconfiguration based on DNSPolicy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--dns_config))
- `dns_policy` (String) DNSPolicy sets DNS policy for the pod
- `enforced_namespace_label` (String) EnforcedNamespaceLabel enforces adding a namespace label of origin for each alertand metric that is user created. The label value will always be the namespace of the object that isbeing created.
- `evaluation_interval` (String) EvaluationInterval defines how often to evaluate rules by default
- `external_labels` (Map of String) ExternalLabels in the form 'name: value' to add to all generated recording rules and alerts.
- `extra_args` (Map of String) ExtraArgs that will be passed to  VMAlert podfor example -remoteWrite.tmpDataPath=/tmp
- `extra_envs` (List of Map of String) ExtraEnvs that will be added to VMAlert pod
- `host_network` (Boolean) HostNetwork controls whether the pod may use the node network namespace
- `image` (Attributes) Image - docker image settings for VMAlertif no specified operator uses default config version (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--image))
- `image_pull_secrets` (Attributes List) ImagePullSecrets An optional list of references to secrets in the same namespaceto use for pulling images from registriessee https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images/#referring-to-an-imagepullsecrets-on-a-pod (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--image_pull_secrets))
- `init_containers` (List of Map of String) InitContainers allows adding initContainers to the pod definition. Those can be used to e.g.fetch secrets for injection into the VMAlert configuration from external sources. Anyerrors during the execution of an initContainer will lead to a restart of the Pod. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/init-containers/Using initContainers for any use case other then secret fetching is entirely outside the scopeof what the maintainers will support and by doing so, you accept that this behaviour may breakat any time without notice.
- `license` (Attributes) License allows to configure license key to be used for enterprise features.Using license key is supported starting from VictoriaMetrics v1.94.0.See: https://docs.victoriametrics.com/enterprise.html (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--license))
- `liveness_probe` (Map of String) LivenessProbe that will be added CRD pod
- `log_format` (String) LogFormat for VMAlert to be configured with.default or json
- `log_level` (String) LogLevel for VMAlert to be configured with.
- `min_ready_seconds` (Number) MinReadySeconds defines a minim number os seconds to wait before starting update next podif previous in healthy state
- `node_selector` (Map of String) NodeSelector Define which Nodes the Pods are scheduled on.
- `notifier` (Attributes) Notifier prometheus alertmanager endpoint spec. Required at least one of notifier or notifiers when there are alerting rules. e.g. http://127.0.0.1:9093If specified both notifier and notifiers, notifier will be added as last element to notifiers.only one of notifier options could be chosen: notifierConfigRef or notifiers +  notifier (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--notifier))
- `notifier_config_ref` (Attributes) NotifierConfigRef reference for secret with notifier configuration for vmalertonly one of notifier options could be chosen: notifierConfigRef or notifiers +  notifier (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--notifier_config_ref))
- `notifiers` (Attributes List) Notifiers prometheus alertmanager endpoints. Required at least one of notifier or notifiers when there are alerting rules. e.g. http://127.0.0.1:9093If specified both notifier and notifiers, notifier will be added as last element to notifiers.only one of notifier options could be chosen: notifierConfigRef or notifiers +  notifier (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--notifiers))
- `pod_disruption_budget` (Attributes) PodDisruptionBudget created by operator (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_disruption_budget))
- `pod_metadata` (Attributes) PodMetadata configures Labels and Annotations which are propagated to the VMAlert pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_metadata))
- `port` (String) Port for listen
- `priority_class_name` (String) Priority class assigned to the Pods
- `readiness_gates` (Attributes List) ReadinessGates defines pod readiness gates (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--readiness_gates))
- `readiness_probe` (Map of String) ReadinessProbe that will be added CRD pod
- `remote_read` (Attributes) RemoteRead Optional URL to read vmalert state (persisted via RemoteWrite)This configuration only makes sense if alerts state has been successfullypersisted (via RemoteWrite) before.see -remoteRead.url docs in vmalerts for details.E.g. http://127.0.0.1:8428 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--remote_read))
- `remote_write` (Attributes) RemoteWrite Optional URL to remote-write compatible storage to persistvmalert state and rule results to.Rule results will be persisted according to each rule.Alerts state will be persisted in the form of time series named ALERTS and ALERTS_FOR_STATEsee -remoteWrite.url docs in vmalerts for details.E.g. http://127.0.0.1:8428 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--remote_write))
- `replica_count` (Number) ReplicaCount is the expected size of the VMAlert cluster. The controller willeventually make the size of the running cluster equal to the expectedsize.
- `resources` (Attributes) Resources container resource request and limits, https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/ (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources))
- `revision_history_limit_count` (Number) The number of old ReplicaSets to retain to allow rollback in deployment ormaximum number of revisions that will be maintained in the StatefulSet's revision history.Defaults to 10.
- `rolling_update` (Attributes) RollingUpdate - overrides deployment update params. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rolling_update))
- `rule_namespace_selector` (Attributes) RuleNamespaceSelector to be selected for VMRules discovery.Works in combination with Selector.If both nil - behaviour controlled by selectAllByDefaultNamespaceSelector nil - only objects at VMAlert namespace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rule_namespace_selector))
- `rule_path` (List of String) RulePath to the file with alert rules.Supports patterns. Flag can be specified multiple times.Examples:-rule /path/to/file. Path to a single file with alerting rules-rule dir/*.yaml -rule /*.yaml. Relative path to all .yaml files in folder,absolute path to all .yaml files in root.by default operator adds /etc/vmalert/configs/base/vmalert.yaml
- `rule_selector` (Attributes) RuleSelector selector to select which VMRules to mount for loading alertingrules from.Works in combination with NamespaceSelector.If both nil - behaviour controlled by selectAllByDefaultNamespaceSelector nil - only objects at VMAlert namespace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rule_selector))
- `runtime_class_name` (String) RuntimeClassName - defines runtime class for kubernetes pod.https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/runtime-class/
- `scheduler_name` (String) SchedulerName - defines kubernetes scheduler name
- `secrets` (List of String) Secrets is a list of Secrets in the same namespace as the VMAlertobject, which shall be mounted into the VMAlert Pods.The Secrets are mounted into /etc/vm/secrets/<secret-name>.
- `security_context` (Map of String) SecurityContext holds pod-level security attributes and common container settings.This defaults to the default PodSecurityContext.
- `select_all_by_default` (Boolean) SelectAllByDefault changes default behavior for empty CRD selectors, such RuleSelector.with selectAllByDefault: true and empty serviceScrapeSelector and RuleNamespaceSelectorOperator selects all exist serviceScrapeswith selectAllByDefault: false - selects nothing
- `service_account_name` (String) ServiceAccountName is the name of the ServiceAccount to use to run theVMAlert Pods.
- `service_scrape_spec` (Map of String) ServiceScrapeSpec that will be added to vmalert VMServiceScrape spec
- `service_spec` (Attributes) ServiceSpec that will be added to vmalert service spec (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--service_spec))
- `startup_probe` (Map of String) StartupProbe that will be added to CRD pod
- `termination_grace_period_seconds` (Number) TerminationGracePeriodSeconds period for container graceful termination
- `tolerations` (Attributes List) Tolerations If specified, the pod's tolerations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tolerations))
- `topology_spread_constraints` (List of Map of String) TopologySpreadConstraints embedded kubernetes pod configuration option,controls how pods are spread across your cluster among failure-domainssuch as regions, zones, nodes, and other user-defined topology domainshttps://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-topology-spread-constraints/
- `update_strategy` (String) UpdateStrategy - overrides default update strategy.
- `use_strict_security` (Boolean) UseStrictSecurity enables strict security mode for componentit restricts disk writes accessuses non-root user out of the boxdrops not needed security permissions
- `volume_mounts` (Attributes List) VolumeMounts allows configuration of additional VolumeMounts on the output Deployment definition.VolumeMounts specified will be appended to other VolumeMounts in the VMAlert container,that are generated as a result of StorageSpec objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume_mounts))
- `volumes` (List of Map of String) Volumes allows configuration of additional volumes on the output Deployment definition.Volumes specified will be appended to other volumes that are generated as a result ofStorageSpec objects.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--datasource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.datasource`

Required:

- `url` (String) Victoria Metrics or VMSelect url. Required parameter. E.g. http://127.0.0.1:8428

Optional:

- `basic_auth` (Attributes) BasicAuth allow an endpoint to authenticate over basic authentication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--datasource--basic_auth))
- `bearer_token_file` (String) Path to bearer token file
- `bearer_token_secret` (Attributes) Optional bearer auth token to use for -remoteWrite.url (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--datasource--bearer_token_secret))
- `headers` (List of String) Headers allow configuring custom http headersMust be in form of semicolon separated header with valuee.g.headerName:headerValuevmalert supports it since 1.79.0 version
- `o_auth2` (Map of String)
- `oauth2` (Attributes) OAuth2 defines OAuth2 configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--datasource--oauth2))
- `tls_config` (Map of String) TLSConfig specifies TLSConfig configuration parameters.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--datasource--basic_auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.datasource.basic_auth`

Optional:

- `password` (Attributes) The secret in the service scrape namespace that contains the passwordfor authentication.It must be at them same namespace as CRD (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--datasource--basic_auth--password))
- `password_file` (String) PasswordFile defines path to password file at disk
- `username` (Attributes) The secret in the service scrape namespace that contains the usernamefor authentication.It must be at them same namespace as CRD (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--datasource--basic_auth--username))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--datasource--basic_auth--password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.datasource.basic_auth.password`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--datasource--basic_auth--username"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.datasource.basic_auth.username`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined



<a id="nestedatt--spec--datasource--bearer_token_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.datasource.bearer_token_secret`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--datasource--oauth2"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.datasource.oauth2`

Required:

- `client_id` (Attributes) The secret or configmap containing the OAuth2 client id (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--datasource--oauth2--client_id))
- `token_url` (String) The URL to fetch the token from

Optional:

- `client_secret` (Attributes) The secret containing the OAuth2 client secret (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--datasource--oauth2--client_secret))
- `client_secret_file` (String) ClientSecretFile defines path for client secret file.
- `endpoint_params` (Map of String) Parameters to append to the token URL
- `scopes` (List of String) OAuth2 scopes used for the token request

<a id="nestedatt--spec--datasource--oauth2--client_id"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.datasource.oauth2.client_id`

Optional:

- `config_map` (Attributes) ConfigMap containing data to use for the targets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--datasource--oauth2--scopes--config_map))
- `secret` (Attributes) Secret containing data to use for the targets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--datasource--oauth2--scopes--secret))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--datasource--oauth2--scopes--config_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.datasource.oauth2.scopes.config_map`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key to select.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the ConfigMap or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--datasource--oauth2--scopes--secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.datasource.oauth2.scopes.secret`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined



<a id="nestedatt--spec--datasource--oauth2--client_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.datasource.oauth2.client_secret`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined




<a id="nestedatt--spec--dns_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.dns_config`

Optional:

- `nameservers` (List of String) A list of DNS name server IP addresses.This will be appended to the base nameservers generated from DNSPolicy.Duplicated nameservers will be removed.
- `options` (Attributes List) A list of DNS resolver options.This will be merged with the base options generated from DNSPolicy.Duplicated entries will be removed. Resolution options given in Optionswill override those that appear in the base DNSPolicy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--dns_config--options))
- `searches` (List of String) A list of DNS search domains for host-name lookup.This will be appended to the base search paths generated from DNSPolicy.Duplicated search paths will be removed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--dns_config--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.dns_config.options`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Required.
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--image"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.image`

Optional:

- `pull_policy` (String) PullPolicy describes how to pull docker image
- `repository` (String) Repository contains name of docker image + it's repository if needed
- `tag` (String) Tag contains desired docker image version


<a id="nestedatt--spec--image_pull_secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.image_pull_secrets`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?


<a id="nestedatt--spec--license"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.license`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Enterprise license key. This flag is available only in VictoriaMetrics enterprise.Documentation - https://docs.victoriametrics.com/enterprise.htmlfor more information, visit https://victoriametrics.com/products/enterprise/ .To request a trial license, go to https://victoriametrics.com/products/enterprise/trial/
- `key_ref` (Attributes) KeyRef is reference to secret with license key for enterprise features. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--license--key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--license--key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.license.key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined



<a id="nestedatt--spec--notifier"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.notifier`

Optional:

- `basic_auth` (Attributes) BasicAuth allow an endpoint to authenticate over basic authentication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--notifier--basic_auth))
- `bearer_token_file` (String) Path to bearer token file
- `bearer_token_secret` (Attributes) Optional bearer auth token to use for -remoteWrite.url (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--notifier--bearer_token_secret))
- `headers` (List of String) Headers allow configuring custom http headersMust be in form of semicolon separated header with valuee.g.headerName:headerValuevmalert supports it since 1.79.0 version
- `o_auth2` (Map of String)
- `oauth2` (Attributes) OAuth2 defines OAuth2 configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--notifier--oauth2))
- `selector` (Attributes) Selector allows service discovery for alertmanagerin this case all matched vmalertmanager replicas will be added into vmalert notifier.urlas statefulset pod.fqdn (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--notifier--selector))
- `tls_config` (Map of String) TLSConfig specifies TLSConfig configuration parameters.
- `url` (String) AlertManager url.  E.g. http://127.0.0.1:9093

<a id="nestedatt--spec--notifier--basic_auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.notifier.basic_auth`

Optional:

- `password` (Attributes) The secret in the service scrape namespace that contains the passwordfor authentication.It must be at them same namespace as CRD (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--notifier--basic_auth--password))
- `password_file` (String) PasswordFile defines path to password file at disk
- `username` (Attributes) The secret in the service scrape namespace that contains the usernamefor authentication.It must be at them same namespace as CRD (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--notifier--basic_auth--username))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--notifier--basic_auth--password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.notifier.basic_auth.password`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--notifier--basic_auth--username"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.notifier.basic_auth.username`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined



<a id="nestedatt--spec--notifier--bearer_token_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.notifier.bearer_token_secret`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--notifier--oauth2"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.notifier.oauth2`

Required:

- `client_id` (Attributes) The secret or configmap containing the OAuth2 client id (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--notifier--oauth2--client_id))
- `token_url` (String) The URL to fetch the token from

Optional:

- `client_secret` (Attributes) The secret containing the OAuth2 client secret (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--notifier--oauth2--client_secret))
- `client_secret_file` (String) ClientSecretFile defines path for client secret file.
- `endpoint_params` (Map of String) Parameters to append to the token URL
- `scopes` (List of String) OAuth2 scopes used for the token request

<a id="nestedatt--spec--notifier--oauth2--client_id"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.notifier.oauth2.client_id`

Optional:

- `config_map` (Attributes) ConfigMap containing data to use for the targets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--notifier--oauth2--scopes--config_map))
- `secret` (Attributes) Secret containing data to use for the targets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--notifier--oauth2--scopes--secret))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--notifier--oauth2--scopes--config_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.notifier.oauth2.scopes.config_map`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key to select.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the ConfigMap or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--notifier--oauth2--scopes--secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.notifier.oauth2.scopes.secret`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined



<a id="nestedatt--spec--notifier--oauth2--client_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.notifier.oauth2.client_secret`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined



<a id="nestedatt--spec--notifier--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.notifier.selector`

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label selector is a label query over a set of resources. The result of matchLabels andmatchExpressions are ANDed. An empty label selector matches all objects. A nulllabel selector matches no objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--notifier--selector--label_selector))
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) NamespaceSelector is a selector for selecting either all namespaces or alist of namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--notifier--selector--namespace_selector))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--notifier--selector--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.notifier.selector.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--notifier--selector--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--notifier--selector--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.notifier.selector.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--notifier--selector--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.notifier.selector.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `any` (Boolean) Boolean describing whether all namespaces are selected in contrast to alist restricting them.
- `match_names` (List of String) List of namespace names.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--notifier_config_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.notifier_config_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--notifiers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.notifiers`

Optional:

- `basic_auth` (Attributes) BasicAuth allow an endpoint to authenticate over basic authentication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--notifiers--basic_auth))
- `bearer_token_file` (String) Path to bearer token file
- `bearer_token_secret` (Attributes) Optional bearer auth token to use for -remoteWrite.url (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--notifiers--bearer_token_secret))
- `headers` (List of String) Headers allow configuring custom http headersMust be in form of semicolon separated header with valuee.g.headerName:headerValuevmalert supports it since 1.79.0 version
- `o_auth2` (Map of String)
- `oauth2` (Attributes) OAuth2 defines OAuth2 configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--notifiers--oauth2))
- `selector` (Attributes) Selector allows service discovery for alertmanagerin this case all matched vmalertmanager replicas will be added into vmalert notifier.urlas statefulset pod.fqdn (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--notifiers--selector))
- `tls_config` (Map of String) TLSConfig specifies TLSConfig configuration parameters.
- `url` (String) AlertManager url.  E.g. http://127.0.0.1:9093

<a id="nestedatt--spec--notifiers--basic_auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.notifiers.basic_auth`

Optional:

- `password` (Attributes) The secret in the service scrape namespace that contains the passwordfor authentication.It must be at them same namespace as CRD (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--notifiers--basic_auth--password))
- `password_file` (String) PasswordFile defines path to password file at disk
- `username` (Attributes) The secret in the service scrape namespace that contains the usernamefor authentication.It must be at them same namespace as CRD (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--notifiers--basic_auth--username))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--notifiers--basic_auth--password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.notifiers.basic_auth.password`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--notifiers--basic_auth--username"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.notifiers.basic_auth.username`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined



<a id="nestedatt--spec--notifiers--bearer_token_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.notifiers.bearer_token_secret`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--notifiers--oauth2"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.notifiers.oauth2`

Required:

- `client_id` (Attributes) The secret or configmap containing the OAuth2 client id (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--notifiers--oauth2--client_id))
- `token_url` (String) The URL to fetch the token from

Optional:

- `client_secret` (Attributes) The secret containing the OAuth2 client secret (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--notifiers--oauth2--client_secret))
- `client_secret_file` (String) ClientSecretFile defines path for client secret file.
- `endpoint_params` (Map of String) Parameters to append to the token URL
- `scopes` (List of String) OAuth2 scopes used for the token request

<a id="nestedatt--spec--notifiers--oauth2--client_id"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.notifiers.oauth2.client_id`

Optional:

- `config_map` (Attributes) ConfigMap containing data to use for the targets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--notifiers--oauth2--scopes--config_map))
- `secret` (Attributes) Secret containing data to use for the targets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--notifiers--oauth2--scopes--secret))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--notifiers--oauth2--scopes--config_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.notifiers.oauth2.scopes.config_map`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key to select.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the ConfigMap or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--notifiers--oauth2--scopes--secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.notifiers.oauth2.scopes.secret`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined



<a id="nestedatt--spec--notifiers--oauth2--client_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.notifiers.oauth2.client_secret`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined



<a id="nestedatt--spec--notifiers--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.notifiers.selector`

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label selector is a label query over a set of resources. The result of matchLabels andmatchExpressions are ANDed. An empty label selector matches all objects. A nulllabel selector matches no objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--notifiers--selector--label_selector))
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) NamespaceSelector is a selector for selecting either all namespaces or alist of namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--notifiers--selector--namespace_selector))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--notifiers--selector--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.notifiers.selector.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--notifiers--selector--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--notifiers--selector--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.notifiers.selector.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--notifiers--selector--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.notifiers.selector.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `any` (Boolean) Boolean describing whether all namespaces are selected in contrast to alist restricting them.
- `match_names` (List of String) List of namespace names.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_disruption_budget"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_disruption_budget`

Optional:

- `max_unavailable` (String) An eviction is allowed if at most 'maxUnavailable' pods selected by'selector' are unavailable after the eviction, i.e. even in absence ofthe evicted pod. For example, one can prevent all voluntary evictionsby specifying 0. This is a mutually exclusive setting with 'minAvailable'.
- `min_available` (String) An eviction is allowed if at least 'minAvailable' pods selected by'selector' will still be available after the eviction, i.e. even in theabsence of the evicted pod.  So for example you can prevent all voluntaryevictions by specifying '100%'.
- `selector_labels` (Map of String) replaces default labels selector generated by operatorit's useful when you need to create custom budget


<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may beset by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata. They are notqueryable and should be preserved when modifying objects.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize(scope and select) objects. May match selectors of replication controllersand services.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels
- `name` (String) Name must be unique within a namespace. Is required when creating resources, althoughsome resources may allow a client to request the generation of an appropriate nameautomatically. Name is primarily intended for creation idempotence and configurationdefinition.Cannot be updated.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names#names


<a id="nestedatt--spec--readiness_gates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.readiness_gates`

Required:

- `condition_type` (String) ConditionType refers to a condition in the pod's condition list with matching type.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--remote_read"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.remote_read`

Required:

- `url` (String) URL of the endpoint to send samples to.

Optional:

- `basic_auth` (Attributes) BasicAuth allow an endpoint to authenticate over basic authentication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--remote_read--basic_auth))
- `bearer_token_file` (String) Path to bearer token file
- `bearer_token_secret` (Attributes) Optional bearer auth token to use for -remoteWrite.url (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--remote_read--bearer_token_secret))
- `headers` (List of String) Headers allow configuring custom http headersMust be in form of semicolon separated header with valuee.g.headerName:headerValuevmalert supports it since 1.79.0 version
- `lookback` (String) Lookback defines how far to look into past for alerts timeseries. For example, if lookback=1h then range from now() to now()-1h will be scanned. (default 1h0m0s)Applied only to RemoteReadSpec
- `o_auth2` (Map of String)
- `oauth2` (Attributes) OAuth2 defines OAuth2 configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--remote_read--oauth2))
- `tls_config` (Map of String) TLSConfig specifies TLSConfig configuration parameters.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--remote_read--basic_auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.remote_read.basic_auth`

Optional:

- `password` (Attributes) The secret in the service scrape namespace that contains the passwordfor authentication.It must be at them same namespace as CRD (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--remote_read--basic_auth--password))
- `password_file` (String) PasswordFile defines path to password file at disk
- `username` (Attributes) The secret in the service scrape namespace that contains the usernamefor authentication.It must be at them same namespace as CRD (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--remote_read--basic_auth--username))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--remote_read--basic_auth--password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.remote_read.basic_auth.password`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--remote_read--basic_auth--username"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.remote_read.basic_auth.username`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined



<a id="nestedatt--spec--remote_read--bearer_token_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.remote_read.bearer_token_secret`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--remote_read--oauth2"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.remote_read.oauth2`

Required:

- `client_id` (Attributes) The secret or configmap containing the OAuth2 client id (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--remote_read--oauth2--client_id))
- `token_url` (String) The URL to fetch the token from

Optional:

- `client_secret` (Attributes) The secret containing the OAuth2 client secret (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--remote_read--oauth2--client_secret))
- `client_secret_file` (String) ClientSecretFile defines path for client secret file.
- `endpoint_params` (Map of String) Parameters to append to the token URL
- `scopes` (List of String) OAuth2 scopes used for the token request

<a id="nestedatt--spec--remote_read--oauth2--client_id"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.remote_read.oauth2.client_id`

Optional:

- `config_map` (Attributes) ConfigMap containing data to use for the targets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--remote_read--oauth2--scopes--config_map))
- `secret` (Attributes) Secret containing data to use for the targets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--remote_read--oauth2--scopes--secret))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--remote_read--oauth2--scopes--config_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.remote_read.oauth2.scopes.config_map`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key to select.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the ConfigMap or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--remote_read--oauth2--scopes--secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.remote_read.oauth2.scopes.secret`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined



<a id="nestedatt--spec--remote_read--oauth2--client_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.remote_read.oauth2.client_secret`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined




<a id="nestedatt--spec--remote_write"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.remote_write`

Required:

- `url` (String) URL of the endpoint to send samples to.

Optional:

- `basic_auth` (Attributes) BasicAuth allow an endpoint to authenticate over basic authentication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--remote_write--basic_auth))
- `bearer_token_file` (String) Path to bearer token file
- `bearer_token_secret` (Attributes) Optional bearer auth token to use for -remoteWrite.url (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--remote_write--bearer_token_secret))
- `concurrency` (Number) Defines number of readers that concurrently write into remote storage (default 1)
- `flush_interval` (String) Defines interval of flushes to remote write endpoint (default 5s)
- `headers` (List of String) Headers allow configuring custom http headersMust be in form of semicolon separated header with valuee.g.headerName:headerValuevmalert supports it since 1.79.0 version
- `max_batch_size` (Number) Defines defines max number of timeseries to be flushed at once (default 1000)
- `max_queue_size` (Number) Defines the max number of pending datapoints to remote write endpoint (default 100000)
- `o_auth2` (Map of String)
- `oauth2` (Attributes) OAuth2 defines OAuth2 configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--remote_write--oauth2))
- `tls_config` (Map of String) TLSConfig specifies TLSConfig configuration parameters.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--remote_write--basic_auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.remote_write.basic_auth`

Optional:

- `password` (Attributes) The secret in the service scrape namespace that contains the passwordfor authentication.It must be at them same namespace as CRD (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--remote_write--basic_auth--password))
- `password_file` (String) PasswordFile defines path to password file at disk
- `username` (Attributes) The secret in the service scrape namespace that contains the usernamefor authentication.It must be at them same namespace as CRD (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--remote_write--basic_auth--username))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--remote_write--basic_auth--password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.remote_write.basic_auth.password`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--remote_write--basic_auth--username"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.remote_write.basic_auth.username`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined



<a id="nestedatt--spec--remote_write--bearer_token_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.remote_write.bearer_token_secret`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--remote_write--oauth2"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.remote_write.oauth2`

Required:

- `client_id` (Attributes) The secret or configmap containing the OAuth2 client id (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--remote_write--oauth2--client_id))
- `token_url` (String) The URL to fetch the token from

Optional:

- `client_secret` (Attributes) The secret containing the OAuth2 client secret (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--remote_write--oauth2--client_secret))
- `client_secret_file` (String) ClientSecretFile defines path for client secret file.
- `endpoint_params` (Map of String) Parameters to append to the token URL
- `scopes` (List of String) OAuth2 scopes used for the token request

<a id="nestedatt--spec--remote_write--oauth2--client_id"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.remote_write.oauth2.client_id`

Optional:

- `config_map` (Attributes) ConfigMap containing data to use for the targets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--remote_write--oauth2--scopes--config_map))
- `secret` (Attributes) Secret containing data to use for the targets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--remote_write--oauth2--scopes--secret))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--remote_write--oauth2--scopes--config_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.remote_write.oauth2.scopes.config_map`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key to select.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the ConfigMap or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--remote_write--oauth2--scopes--secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.remote_write.oauth2.scopes.secret`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined



<a id="nestedatt--spec--remote_write--oauth2--client_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.remote_write.oauth2.client_secret`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined




<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims,that are used by this container.This is an alpha field and requires enabling theDynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required.If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified,otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources.claims`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims ofthe Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource availableinside a container.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--rolling_update"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rolling_update`

Optional:

- `max_surge` (String) The maximum number of pods that can be scheduled above the desired number ofpods.Value can be an absolute number (ex: 5) or a percentage of desired pods (ex: 10%).This can not be 0 if MaxUnavailable is 0.Absolute number is calculated from percentage by rounding up.Defaults to 25%.Example: when this is set to 30%, the new ReplicaSet can be scaled up immediately whenthe rolling update starts, such that the total number of old and new pods do not exceed130% of desired pods. Once old pods have been killed,new ReplicaSet can be scaled up further, ensuring that total number of pods runningat any time during the update is at most 130% of desired pods.
- `max_unavailable` (String) The maximum number of pods that can be unavailable during the update.Value can be an absolute number (ex: 5) or a percentage of desired pods (ex: 10%).Absolute number is calculated from percentage by rounding down.This can not be 0 if MaxSurge is 0.Defaults to 25%.Example: when this is set to 30%, the old ReplicaSet can be scaled down to 70% of desired podsimmediately when the rolling update starts. Once new pods are ready, old ReplicaSetcan be scaled down further, followed by scaling up the new ReplicaSet, ensuringthat the total number of pods available at all times during the update is atleast 70% of desired pods.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--rule_namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rule_namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rule_namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--rule_namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rule_namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--rule_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rule_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rule_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--rule_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rule_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--service_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.service_spec`

Required:

- `spec` (Map of String) ServiceSpec describes the attributes that a user creates on a service.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/

Optional:

- `metadata` (Attributes) EmbeddedObjectMetadata defines objectMeta for additional service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--service_spec--metadata))
- `use_as_default` (Boolean) UseAsDefault applies changes from given service definition to the main object ServiceChanging from headless service to clusterIP or loadbalancer may break cross-component communication

<a id="nestedatt--spec--service_spec--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.service_spec.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may beset by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata. They are notqueryable and should be preserved when modifying objects.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize(scope and select) objects. May match selectors of replication controllersand services.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels
- `name` (String) Name must be unique within a namespace. Is required when creating resources, althoughsome resources may allow a client to request the generation of an appropriate nameautomatically. Name is primarily intended for creation idempotence and configurationdefinition.Cannot be updated.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names#names



<a id="nestedatt--spec--tolerations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tolerations`

Optional:

- `effect` (String) Effect indicates the taint effect to match. Empty means match all taint effects.When specified, allowed values are NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Key is the taint key that the toleration applies to. Empty means match all taint keys.If the key is empty, operator must be Exists; this combination means to match all values and all keys.
- `operator` (String) Operator represents a key's relationship to the value.Valid operators are Exists and Equal. Defaults to Equal.Exists is equivalent to wildcard for value, so that a pod cantolerate all taints of a particular category.
- `toleration_seconds` (Number) TolerationSeconds represents the period of time the toleration (which must beof effect NoExecute, otherwise this field is ignored) tolerates the taint. By default,it is not set, which means tolerate the taint forever (do not evict). Zero andnegative values will be treated as 0 (evict immediately) by the system.
- `value` (String) Value is the taint value the toleration matches to.If the operator is Exists, the value should be empty, otherwise just a regular string.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume_mounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume_mounts`

Required:

- `mount_path` (String) Path within the container at which the volume should be mounted.  Mustnot contain ':'.
- `name` (String) This must match the Name of a Volume.

Optional:

- `mount_propagation` (String) mountPropagation determines how mounts are propagated from the hostto container and the other way around.When not set, MountPropagationNone is used.This field is beta in 1.10.
- `read_only` (Boolean) Mounted read-only if true, read-write otherwise (false or unspecified).Defaults to false.
- `sub_path` (String) Path within the volume from which the container's volume should be mounted.Defaults to '' (volume's root).
- `sub_path_expr` (String) Expanded path within the volume from which the container's volume should be mounted.Behaves similarly to SubPath but environment variable references $(VAR_NAME) are expanded using the container's environment.Defaults to '' (volume's root).SubPathExpr and SubPath are mutually exclusive.
