---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_operator_tigera_io_intrusion_detection_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "operator.tigera.io"
description: |-
  IntrusionDetection installs the components required for Tigera intrusion detection. At most one instanceof this resource is supported. It must be named 'tigera-secure'.
---

# k8s_operator_tigera_io_intrusion_detection_v1_manifest (Data Source)

IntrusionDetection installs the components required for Tigera intrusion detection. At most one instanceof this resource is supported. It must be named 'tigera-secure'.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_operator_tigera_io_intrusion_detection_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) Specification of the desired state for Tigera intrusion detection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `anomaly_detection` (Attributes) AnomalyDetection is now deprecated, and configuring it has no effect. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--anomaly_detection))
- `component_resources` (Attributes List) ComponentResources can be used to customize the resource requirements for each component.Only DeepPacketInspection is supported for this spec. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--component_resources))
- `intrusion_detection_controller_deployment` (Attributes) IntrusionDetectionControllerDeployment configures the IntrusionDetection Controller Deployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--intrusion_detection_controller_deployment))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--anomaly_detection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.anomaly_detection`

Optional:

- `storage_class_name` (String) StorageClassName is now deprecated, and configuring it has no effect.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--component_resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.component_resources`

Required:

- `component_name` (String) ComponentName is an enum which identifies the component
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) ResourceRequirements allows customization of limits and requests for compute resources such as cpu and memory. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--component_resources--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--component_resources--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.component_resources.resource_requirements`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims,that are used by this container.This is an alpha field and requires enabling theDynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--component_resources--resource_requirements--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required.If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified,otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--component_resources--resource_requirements--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.component_resources.resource_requirements.claims`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims ofthe Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource availableinside a container.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--intrusion_detection_controller_deployment"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.intrusion_detection_controller_deployment`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) Spec is the specification of the IntrusionDetectionController Deployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--intrusion_detection_controller_deployment--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--intrusion_detection_controller_deployment--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.intrusion_detection_controller_deployment.spec`

Optional:

- `template` (Attributes) Template describes the IntrusionDetectionController Deployment pod that will be created. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--intrusion_detection_controller_deployment--spec--template))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--intrusion_detection_controller_deployment--spec--template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.intrusion_detection_controller_deployment.spec.template`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) Spec is the IntrusionDetectionController Deployment's PodSpec. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--intrusion_detection_controller_deployment--spec--template--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--intrusion_detection_controller_deployment--spec--template--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.intrusion_detection_controller_deployment.spec.template.spec`

Optional:

- `containers` (Attributes List) Containers is a list of IntrusionDetectionController containers.If specified, this overrides the specified IntrusionDetectionController Deployment containers.If omitted, the IntrusionDetectionController Deployment will use its default values for its containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--intrusion_detection_controller_deployment--spec--template--spec--containers))
- `init_containers` (Attributes List) InitContainers is a list of IntrusionDetectionController init containers.If specified, this overrides the specified IntrusionDetectionController Deployment init containers.If omitted, the IntrusionDetectionController Deployment will use its default values for its init containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--intrusion_detection_controller_deployment--spec--template--spec--init_containers))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--intrusion_detection_controller_deployment--spec--template--spec--containers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.intrusion_detection_controller_deployment.spec.template.spec.containers`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is an enum which identifies the IntrusionDetectionController Deployment container by name.Supported values are: controller, webhooks-processor

Optional:

- `resources` (Attributes) Resources allows customization of limits and requests for compute resources such as cpu and memory.If specified, this overrides the named IntrusionDetectionController Deployment container's resources.If omitted, the IntrusionDetection Deployment will use its default value for this container's resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--intrusion_detection_controller_deployment--spec--template--spec--init_containers--resources))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--intrusion_detection_controller_deployment--spec--template--spec--init_containers--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.intrusion_detection_controller_deployment.spec.template.spec.init_containers.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims,that are used by this container.This is an alpha field and requires enabling theDynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--intrusion_detection_controller_deployment--spec--template--spec--init_containers--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required.If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified,otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--intrusion_detection_controller_deployment--spec--template--spec--init_containers--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.intrusion_detection_controller_deployment.spec.template.spec.init_containers.resources.claims`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims ofthe Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource availableinside a container.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--intrusion_detection_controller_deployment--spec--template--spec--init_containers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.intrusion_detection_controller_deployment.spec.template.spec.init_containers`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is an enum which identifies the IntrusionDetectionController Deployment init container by name.Supported values are: intrusion-detection-tls-key-cert-provisioner

Optional:

- `resources` (Attributes) Resources allows customization of limits and requests for compute resources such as cpu and memory.If specified, this overrides the named IntrusionDetectionController Deployment init container's resources.If omitted, the IntrusionDetectionController Deployment will use its default value for this init container's resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--intrusion_detection_controller_deployment--spec--template--spec--init_containers--resources))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--intrusion_detection_controller_deployment--spec--template--spec--init_containers--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.intrusion_detection_controller_deployment.spec.template.spec.init_containers.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims,that are used by this container.This is an alpha field and requires enabling theDynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--intrusion_detection_controller_deployment--spec--template--spec--init_containers--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required.If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified,otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--intrusion_detection_controller_deployment--spec--template--spec--init_containers--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.intrusion_detection_controller_deployment.spec.template.spec.init_containers.resources.claims`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims ofthe Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource availableinside a container.
