---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_operator_tigera_io_application_layer_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "operator.tigera.io"
description: |-
  ApplicationLayer is the Schema for the applicationlayers API
---

# k8s_operator_tigera_io_application_layer_v1_manifest (Data Source)

ApplicationLayer is the Schema for the applicationlayers API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_operator_tigera_io_application_layer_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) ApplicationLayerSpec defines the desired state of ApplicationLayer (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `application_layer_policy` (String) Application Layer Policy controls whether or not ALP enforcement is enabled for the cluster. When enabled, NetworkPolicies with HTTP Match rules may be defined to opt-in workloads for traffic enforcement on the application layer.
- `envoy` (Attributes) User-configurable settings for the Envoy proxy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--envoy))
- `l7_log_collector_daemon_set` (Attributes) L7LogCollectorDaemonSet configures the L7LogCollector DaemonSet. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--l7_log_collector_daemon_set))
- `log_collection` (Attributes) Specification for application layer (L7) log collection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--log_collection))
- `web_application_firewall` (String) WebApplicationFirewall controls whether or not ModSecurity enforcement is enabled for the cluster. When enabled, Services may opt-in to having ingress traffic examed by ModSecurity.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--envoy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.envoy`

Optional:

- `use_remote_address` (Boolean) If set to true, the Envoy connection manager will use the real remote address of the client connection when determining internal versus external origin and manipulating various headers.
- `xff_num_trusted_hops` (Number) The number of additional ingress proxy hops from the right side of the x-forwarded-for HTTP header to trust when determining the origin client’s IP address. 0 is permitted, but >=1 is the typical setting.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--l7_log_collector_daemon_set"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.l7_log_collector_daemon_set`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) Spec is the specification of the L7LogCollector DaemonSet. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--l7_log_collector_daemon_set--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--l7_log_collector_daemon_set--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.l7_log_collector_daemon_set.spec`

Optional:

- `template` (Attributes) Template describes the L7LogCollector DaemonSet pod that will be created. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--l7_log_collector_daemon_set--spec--template))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--l7_log_collector_daemon_set--spec--template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.l7_log_collector_daemon_set.spec.template`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) Spec is the L7LogCollector DaemonSet's PodSpec. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--l7_log_collector_daemon_set--spec--template--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--l7_log_collector_daemon_set--spec--template--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.l7_log_collector_daemon_set.spec.template.spec`

Optional:

- `containers` (Attributes List) Containers is a list of L7LogCollector DaemonSet containers. If specified, this overrides the specified L7LogCollector DaemonSet containers. If omitted, the L7LogCollector DaemonSet will use its default values for its containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--l7_log_collector_daemon_set--spec--template--spec--containers))
- `init_containers` (Attributes List) InitContainers is a list of L7LogCollector DaemonSet init containers. If specified, this overrides the specified L7LogCollector DaemonSet init containers. If omitted, the L7LogCollector DaemonSet will use its default values for its init containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--l7_log_collector_daemon_set--spec--template--spec--init_containers))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--l7_log_collector_daemon_set--spec--template--spec--containers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.l7_log_collector_daemon_set.spec.template.spec.init_containers`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is an enum which identifies the L7LogCollector DaemonSet container by name.

Optional:

- `resources` (Attributes) Resources allows customization of limits and requests for compute resources such as cpu and memory. If specified, this overrides the named L7LogCollector DaemonSet container's resources. If omitted, the L7LogCollector DaemonSet will use its default value for this container's resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--l7_log_collector_daemon_set--spec--template--spec--init_containers--resources))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--l7_log_collector_daemon_set--spec--template--spec--init_containers--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.l7_log_collector_daemon_set.spec.template.spec.init_containers.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims, that are used by this container.  This is an alpha field and requires enabling the DynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.  This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--l7_log_collector_daemon_set--spec--template--spec--init_containers--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--l7_log_collector_daemon_set--spec--template--spec--init_containers--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.l7_log_collector_daemon_set.spec.template.spec.init_containers.resources.requests`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims of the Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource available inside a container.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--l7_log_collector_daemon_set--spec--template--spec--init_containers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.l7_log_collector_daemon_set.spec.template.spec.init_containers`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is an enum which identifies the L7LogCollector DaemonSet init container by name.

Optional:

- `resources` (Attributes) Resources allows customization of limits and requests for compute resources such as cpu and memory. If specified, this overrides the named L7LogCollector DaemonSet init container's resources. If omitted, the L7LogCollector DaemonSet will use its default value for this init container's resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--l7_log_collector_daemon_set--spec--template--spec--init_containers--resources))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--l7_log_collector_daemon_set--spec--template--spec--init_containers--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.l7_log_collector_daemon_set.spec.template.spec.init_containers.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims, that are used by this container.  This is an alpha field and requires enabling the DynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.  This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--l7_log_collector_daemon_set--spec--template--spec--init_containers--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--l7_log_collector_daemon_set--spec--template--spec--init_containers--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.l7_log_collector_daemon_set.spec.template.spec.init_containers.resources.requests`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims of the Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource available inside a container.








<a id="nestedatt--spec--log_collection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.log_collection`

Optional:

- `collect_logs` (String) This setting enables or disable log collection. Allowed values are Enabled or Disabled.
- `log_interval_seconds` (Number) Interval in seconds for sending L7 log information for processing. Default: 5 sec
- `log_requests_per_interval` (Number) Maximum number of unique L7 logs that are sent LogIntervalSeconds. Adjust this to limit the number of L7 logs sent per LogIntervalSeconds to felix for further processing, use negative number to ignore limits. Default: -1
