---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_operator_cryostat_io_cryostat_v1beta2_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "operator.cryostat.io"
description: |-
  Cryostat allows you to install Cryostat for a single namespace, or multiple namespaces.It contains configuration options for controlling the Deployment of the Cryostatapplication and its related components.A Cryostat instance must be created to instruct the operatorto deploy the Cryostat application.
---

# k8s_operator_cryostat_io_cryostat_v1beta2_manifest (Data Source)

Cryostat allows you to install Cryostat for a single namespace, or multiple namespaces.It contains configuration options for controlling the Deployment of the Cryostatapplication and its related components.A Cryostat instance must be created to instruct the operatorto deploy the Cryostat application.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_operator_cryostat_io_cryostat_v1beta2_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) CryostatSpec defines the desired state of Cryostat. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `authorization_options` (Attributes) Additional configuration options for the authorization proxy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--authorization_options))
- `database_options` (Attributes) Options to configure the Cryostat application's database. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--database_options))
- `enable_cert_manager` (Boolean) Use cert-manager to secure in-cluster communication between Cryostat components.Requires cert-manager to be installed.
- `event_templates` (Attributes List) List of Flight Recorder Event Templates to preconfigure in Cryostat. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--event_templates))
- `network_options` (Attributes) Options to control how the operator exposes the application outside of the cluster,such as using an Ingress or Route. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network_options))
- `operand_metadata` (Attributes) Options to configure the Cryostat deployments and pods metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--operand_metadata))
- `report_options` (Attributes) Options to configure Cryostat Automated Report Analysis. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--report_options))
- `resources` (Attributes) Resource requirements for the Cryostat deployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources))
- `scheduling_options` (Attributes) Options to configure scheduling for the Cryostat deployment (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options))
- `security_options` (Attributes) Options to configure the Security Contexts for the Cryostat application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security_options))
- `service_options` (Attributes) Options to customize the services created for the Cryostat application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--service_options))
- `storage_options` (Attributes) Options to customize the storage provisioned for the database and object storage. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage_options))
- `target_connection_cache_options` (Attributes) Options to customize the target connections cache for the Cryostat application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--target_connection_cache_options))
- `target_discovery_options` (Attributes) Options to configure the Cryostat application's target discovery mechanisms. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--target_discovery_options))
- `target_namespaces` (List of String) List of namespaces whose workloads Cryostat should bepermitted to access and profile. Defaults to this Cryostat's namespace.Warning: All Cryostat users will be able to create and managerecordings for workloads in the listed namespaces.More details: https://github.com/cryostatio/cryostat-operator/blob/v2.4.0/docs/multi-namespace.md#data-isolation
- `trusted_cert_secrets` (Attributes List) List of TLS certificates to trust when connecting to targets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--trusted_cert_secrets))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--authorization_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.authorization_options`

Optional:

- `basic_auth` (Attributes) Reference to a secret and file name containing the Basic authentication htpasswd file. If deploying on OpenShift thisdefines additional user accounts that can access the Cryostat application, on top of the OpenShift user accounts whichpass the OpenShift SSO Roles checks. If not on OpenShift then this defines the only user accounts that have access. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--authorization_options--basic_auth))
- `open_shift_sso` (Attributes) Configuration for OpenShift RBAC to define which OpenShift user accounts may access the Cryostat application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--authorization_options--open_shift_sso))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--authorization_options--basic_auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.authorization_options.basic_auth`

Optional:

- `filename` (String) Name of the file within the secret.
- `secret_name` (String) Name of the secret to reference.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--authorization_options--open_shift_sso"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.authorization_options.open_shift_sso`

Optional:

- `access_review` (Attributes) The SubjectAccessReview or TokenAccessReview that all clients (users visiting the application via web browser as wellas CLI utilities and other programs presenting Bearer auth tokens) must pass in order to access the application.If not specified, the default role required is 'create pods/exec' in the Cryostat application's installation namespace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--authorization_options--open_shift_sso--access_review))
- `disable` (Boolean) Disable OpenShift SSO integration and allow all users to access the application without authentication. Thiswill also bypass the BasicAuth, if specified.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--authorization_options--open_shift_sso--access_review"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.authorization_options.open_shift_sso.access_review`

Optional:

- `group` (String) Group is the API Group of the Resource.  '*' means all.
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the resource being requested for a 'get' or deleted for a 'delete'. '' (empty) means all.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of the action being requested.  Currently, there is no distinction between no namespace and all namespaces'' (empty) is defaulted for LocalSubjectAccessReviews'' (empty) is empty for cluster-scoped resources'' (empty) means 'all' for namespace scoped resources from a SubjectAccessReview or SelfSubjectAccessReview
- `resource` (String) Resource is one of the existing resource types.  '*' means all.
- `subresource` (String) Subresource is one of the existing resource types.  '' means none.
- `verb` (String) Verb is a kubernetes resource API verb, like: get, list, watch, create, update, delete, proxy.  '*' means all.
- `version` (String) Version is the API Version of the Resource.  '*' means all.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--database_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.database_options`

Optional:

- `secret_name` (String) Name of the secret containing database keys. This secret must contain a CONNECTION_KEY secret which is thedatabase connection password, and an ENCRYPTION_KEY secret which is the key used to encrypt sensitive datastored within the database, such as the target credentials keyring. This field cannot be updated.It is recommended that the secret should be marked as immutable to avoid accidental changes to secret's data.More details: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/#secret-immutable


<a id="nestedatt--spec--event_templates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.event_templates`

Required:

- `config_map_name` (String) Name of config map in the local namespace.
- `filename` (String) Filename within config map containing the template file.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--network_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network_options`

Optional:

- `core_config` (Attributes) Specifications for how to expose the Cryostat service,which serves the Cryostat application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network_options--core_config))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--network_options--core_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network_options.core_config`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations to add to the Ingress or Route during its creation.
- `external_host` (String) Externally routable host to be used to reach thisCryostat service. Used to define a Route's host onOpenShift when it is first created.On Kubernetes, define this using 'spec.ingressSpec'.
- `ingress_spec` (Attributes) Configuration for an Ingress object.Currently subpaths are not supported, so unique hosts must be specified(if a single external IP is being used) to differentiate between ingresses/services. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network_options--core_config--ingress_spec))
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to add to the Ingress or Route during its creation.The label with key 'app' is reserved for use by the operator.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--network_options--core_config--ingress_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network_options.core_config.ingress_spec`

Optional:

- `default_backend` (Attributes) defaultBackend is the backend that should handle requests that don'tmatch any rule. If Rules are not specified, DefaultBackend must be specified.If DefaultBackend is not set, the handling of requests that do not match anyof the rules will be up to the Ingress controller. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network_options--core_config--ingress_spec--default_backend))
- `ingress_class_name` (String) ingressClassName is the name of an IngressClass cluster resource. Ingresscontroller implementations use this field to know whether they should beserving this Ingress resource, by a transitive connection(controller -> IngressClass -> Ingress resource). Although the'kubernetes.io/ingress.class' annotation (simple constant name) was neverformally defined, it was widely supported by Ingress controllers to createa direct binding between Ingress controller and Ingress resources. Newlycreated Ingress resources should prefer using the field. However, eventhough the annotation is officially deprecated, for backwards compatibilityreasons, ingress controllers should still honor that annotation if present.
- `rules` (Attributes List) rules is a list of host rules used to configure the Ingress. If unspecified,or no rule matches, all traffic is sent to the default backend. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network_options--core_config--ingress_spec--rules))
- `tls` (Attributes List) tls represents the TLS configuration. Currently the Ingress only supports asingle TLS port, 443. If multiple members of this list specify different hosts,they will be multiplexed on the same port according to the hostname specifiedthrough the SNI TLS extension, if the ingress controller fulfilling theingress supports SNI. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network_options--core_config--ingress_spec--tls))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--network_options--core_config--ingress_spec--default_backend"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network_options.core_config.ingress_spec.default_backend`

Optional:

- `resource` (Attributes) resource is an ObjectRef to another Kubernetes resource in the namespaceof the Ingress object. If resource is specified, a service.Name andservice.Port must not be specified.This is a mutually exclusive setting with 'Service'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network_options--core_config--ingress_spec--default_backend--resource))
- `service` (Attributes) service references a service as a backend.This is a mutually exclusive setting with 'Resource'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network_options--core_config--ingress_spec--default_backend--service))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--network_options--core_config--ingress_spec--default_backend--resource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network_options.core_config.ingress_spec.default_backend.resource`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind is the type of resource being referenced
- `name` (String) Name is the name of resource being referenced

Optional:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup is the group for the resource being referenced.If APIGroup is not specified, the specified Kind must be in the core API group.For any other third-party types, APIGroup is required.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--network_options--core_config--ingress_spec--default_backend--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network_options.core_config.ingress_spec.default_backend.service`

Required:

- `name` (String) name is the referenced service. The service must exist inthe same namespace as the Ingress object.

Optional:

- `port` (Attributes) port of the referenced service. A port name or port numberis required for a IngressServiceBackend. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network_options--core_config--ingress_spec--default_backend--service--port))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--network_options--core_config--ingress_spec--default_backend--service--port"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network_options.core_config.ingress_spec.default_backend.service.port`

Optional:

- `name` (String) name is the name of the port on the Service.This is a mutually exclusive setting with 'Number'.
- `number` (Number) number is the numerical port number (e.g. 80) on the Service.This is a mutually exclusive setting with 'Name'.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--network_options--core_config--ingress_spec--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network_options.core_config.ingress_spec.rules`

Optional:

- `host` (String) host is the fully qualified domain name of a network host, as defined by RFC 3986.Note the following deviations from the 'host' part of theURI as defined in RFC 3986:1. IPs are not allowed. Currently an IngressRuleValue can only apply to   the IP in the Spec of the parent Ingress.2. The ':' delimiter is not respected because ports are not allowed.	  Currently the port of an Ingress is implicitly :80 for http and	  :443 for https.Both these may change in the future.Incoming requests are matched against the host before theIngressRuleValue. If the host is unspecified, the Ingress routes alltraffic based on the specified IngressRuleValue.host can be 'precise' which is a domain name without the terminating dot ofa network host (e.g. 'foo.bar.com') or 'wildcard', which is a domain nameprefixed with a single wildcard label (e.g. '*.foo.com').The wildcard character '*' must appear by itself as the first DNS label andmatches only a single label. You cannot have a wildcard label by itself (e.g. Host == '*').Requests will be matched against the Host field in the following way:1. If host is precise, the request matches this rule if the http host header is equal to Host.2. If host is a wildcard, then the request matches this rule if the http host headeris to equal to the suffix (removing the first label) of the wildcard rule.
- `http` (Attributes) HTTPIngressRuleValue is a list of http selectors pointing to backends.In the example: http://<host>/<path>?<searchpart> -> backend wherewhere parts of the url correspond to RFC 3986, this resource will be usedto match against everything after the last '/' and before the first '?'or '#'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network_options--core_config--ingress_spec--rules--http))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--network_options--core_config--ingress_spec--rules--http"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network_options.core_config.ingress_spec.rules.http`

Required:

- `paths` (Attributes List) paths is a collection of paths that map requests to backends. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network_options--core_config--ingress_spec--rules--http--paths))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--network_options--core_config--ingress_spec--rules--http--paths"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network_options.core_config.ingress_spec.rules.http.paths`

Required:

- `backend` (Attributes) backend defines the referenced service endpoint to which the trafficwill be forwarded to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network_options--core_config--ingress_spec--rules--http--paths--backend))
- `path_type` (String) pathType determines the interpretation of the path matching. PathType canbe one of the following values:* Exact: Matches the URL path exactly.* Prefix: Matches based on a URL path prefix split by '/'. Matching is  done on a path element by element basis. A path element refers is the  list of labels in the path split by the '/' separator. A request is a  match for path p if every p is an element-wise prefix of p of the  request path. Note that if the last element of the path is a substring  of the last element in request path, it is not a match (e.g. /foo/bar  matches /foo/bar/baz, but does not match /foo/barbaz).* ImplementationSpecific: Interpretation of the Path matching is up to  the IngressClass. Implementations can treat this as a separate PathType  or treat it identically to Prefix or Exact path types.Implementations are required to support all path types.

Optional:

- `path` (String) path is matched against the path of an incoming request. Currently it cancontain characters disallowed from the conventional 'path' part of a URLas defined by RFC 3986. Paths must begin with a '/' and must be presentwhen using PathType with value 'Exact' or 'Prefix'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--network_options--core_config--ingress_spec--rules--http--paths--backend"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network_options.core_config.ingress_spec.rules.http.paths.backend`

Optional:

- `resource` (Attributes) resource is an ObjectRef to another Kubernetes resource in the namespaceof the Ingress object. If resource is specified, a service.Name andservice.Port must not be specified.This is a mutually exclusive setting with 'Service'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network_options--core_config--ingress_spec--rules--http--paths--backend--resource))
- `service` (Attributes) service references a service as a backend.This is a mutually exclusive setting with 'Resource'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network_options--core_config--ingress_spec--rules--http--paths--backend--service))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--network_options--core_config--ingress_spec--rules--http--paths--backend--resource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network_options.core_config.ingress_spec.rules.http.paths.backend.resource`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind is the type of resource being referenced
- `name` (String) Name is the name of resource being referenced

Optional:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup is the group for the resource being referenced.If APIGroup is not specified, the specified Kind must be in the core API group.For any other third-party types, APIGroup is required.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--network_options--core_config--ingress_spec--rules--http--paths--backend--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network_options.core_config.ingress_spec.rules.http.paths.backend.service`

Required:

- `name` (String) name is the referenced service. The service must exist inthe same namespace as the Ingress object.

Optional:

- `port` (Attributes) port of the referenced service. A port name or port numberis required for a IngressServiceBackend. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network_options--core_config--ingress_spec--rules--http--paths--backend--service--port))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--network_options--core_config--ingress_spec--rules--http--paths--backend--service--port"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network_options.core_config.ingress_spec.rules.http.paths.backend.service.port`

Optional:

- `name` (String) name is the name of the port on the Service.This is a mutually exclusive setting with 'Number'.
- `number` (Number) number is the numerical port number (e.g. 80) on the Service.This is a mutually exclusive setting with 'Name'.







<a id="nestedatt--spec--network_options--core_config--ingress_spec--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network_options.core_config.ingress_spec.tls`

Optional:

- `hosts` (List of String) hosts is a list of hosts included in the TLS certificate. The values inthis list must match the name/s used in the tlsSecret. Defaults to thewildcard host setting for the loadbalancer controller fulfilling thisIngress, if left unspecified.
- `secret_name` (String) secretName is the name of the secret used to terminate TLS traffic onport 443. Field is left optional to allow TLS routing based on SNIhostname alone. If the SNI host in a listener conflicts with the 'Host'header field used by an IngressRule, the SNI host is used for terminationand value of the 'Host' header is used for routing.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--operand_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.operand_metadata`

Optional:

- `deployment_metadata` (Attributes) Options to configure the Cryostat deployments metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--operand_metadata--deployment_metadata))
- `pod_metadata` (Attributes) Options to configure the Cryostat pods metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--operand_metadata--pod_metadata))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--operand_metadata--deployment_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.operand_metadata.deployment_metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations to add to the resources during its creation.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to add to the resources during its creation.The labels with keys 'app' and 'component' are reservedfor use by the operator.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--operand_metadata--pod_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.operand_metadata.pod_metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations to add to the resources during its creation.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to add to the resources during its creation.The labels with keys 'app' and 'component' are reservedfor use by the operator.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--report_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.report_options`

Optional:

- `replicas` (Number) The number of report sidecar replica containers to deploy.Each replica can service one report generation request at a time.
- `resources` (Attributes) The resources allocated to each sidecar replica.A replica with more resources can handle larger input recordings and will process them faster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--report_options--resources))
- `scheduling_options` (Attributes) Options to configure scheduling for the reports deployment (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options))
- `security_options` (Attributes) Options to configure the Security Contexts for the Cryostat report generator. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--report_options--security_options))
- `sub_process_max_heap_size` (Number) When zero report sidecar replicas are requested, SubProcessMaxHeapSize configuresthe maximum heap size of the basic subprocess report generator in MiB.The default heap size is '200' (MiB).

<a id="nestedatt--spec--report_options--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.report_options.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims,that are used by this container.This is an alpha field and requires enabling theDynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--report_options--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required.If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified,otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--report_options--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.report_options.resources.claims`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims ofthe Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource availableinside a container.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.report_options.scheduling_options`

Optional:

- `affinity` (Attributes) Affinity rules for scheduling Cryostat pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity))
- `node_selector` (Map of String) Label selector used to schedule a Cryostat pod to a node. See: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/assign-pod-node/
- `tolerations` (Attributes List) Tolerations to allow scheduling of Cryostat pods to tainted nodes. See: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/taint-and-toleration/ (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--tolerations))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.report_options.scheduling_options.affinity`

Optional:

- `node_affinity` (Attributes) Node affinity scheduling rules for a Cryostat pod. See: https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/workload-resources/pod-v1/#NodeAffinity (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--node_affinity))
- `pod_affinity` (Attributes) Pod affinity scheduling rules for a Cryostat pod. See: https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/workload-resources/pod-v1/#PodAffinity (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_affinity))
- `pod_anti_affinity` (Attributes) Pod anti-affinity scheduling rules for a Cryostat pod. See: https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/workload-resources/pod-v1/#PodAntiAffinity (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_anti_affinity))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--node_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.report_options.scheduling_options.affinity.node_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) The scheduler will prefer to schedule pods to nodes that satisfythe affinity expressions specified by this field, but it may choosea node that violates one or more of the expressions. The node that ismost preferred is the one with the greatest sum of weights, i.e.for each node that meets all of the scheduling requirements (resourcerequest, requiredDuringScheduling affinity expressions, etc.),compute a sum by iterating through the elements of this field and adding'weight' to the sum if the node matches the corresponding matchExpressions; thenode(s) with the highest sum are the most preferred. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes) If the affinity requirements specified by this field are not met atscheduling time, the pod will not be scheduled onto the node.If the affinity requirements specified by this field cease to be metat some point during pod execution (e.g. due to an update), the systemmay or may not try to eventually evict the pod from its node. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.report_options.scheduling_options.affinity.node_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `preference` (Attributes) A node selector term, associated with the corresponding weight. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference))
- `weight` (Number) Weight associated with matching the corresponding nodeSelectorTerm, in the range 1-100.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.report_options.scheduling_options.affinity.node_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.preference`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's labels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_expressions))
- `match_fields` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_fields))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.report_options.scheduling_options.affinity.node_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.preference.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the valuesarray must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer.This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.report_options.scheduling_options.affinity.node_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.preference.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the valuesarray must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer.This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.report_options.scheduling_options.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `node_selector_terms` (Attributes List) Required. A list of node selector terms. The terms are ORed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.report_options.scheduling_options.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's labels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_expressions))
- `match_fields` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_fields))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.report_options.scheduling_options.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the valuesarray must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer.This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.report_options.scheduling_options.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the valuesarray must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer.This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.report_options.scheduling_options.affinity.pod_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) The scheduler will prefer to schedule pods to nodes that satisfythe affinity expressions specified by this field, but it may choosea node that violates one or more of the expressions. The node that ismost preferred is the one with the greatest sum of weights, i.e.for each node that meets all of the scheduling requirements (resourcerequest, requiredDuringScheduling affinity expressions, etc.),compute a sum by iterating through the elements of this field and adding'weight' to the sum if the node has pods which matches the corresponding podAffinityTerm; thenode(s) with the highest sum are the most preferred. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) If the affinity requirements specified by this field are not met atscheduling time, the pod will not be scheduled onto the node.If the affinity requirements specified by this field cease to be metat some point during pod execution (e.g. due to a pod label update), thesystem may or may not try to eventually evict the pod from its node.When there are multiple elements, the lists of nodes corresponding to eachpodAffinityTerm are intersected, i.e. all terms must be satisfied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.report_options.scheduling_options.affinity.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `pod_affinity_term` (Attributes) Required. A pod affinity term, associated with the corresponding weight. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term))
- `weight` (Number) weight associated with matching the corresponding podAffinityTerm,in the range 1-100.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.report_options.scheduling_options.affinity.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matchingthe labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a nodewhose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of theselected pods is running.Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector))
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) A label query over the set of namespaces that the term applies to.The term is applied to the union of the namespaces selected by this fieldand the ones listed in the namespaces field.null selector and null or empty namespaces list means 'this pod's namespace'.An empty selector ({}) matches all namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies a static list of namespace names that the term applies to.The term is applied to the union of the namespaces listed in this fieldand the ones selected by namespaceSelector.null or empty namespaces list and null namespaceSelector means 'this pod's namespace'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.report_options.scheduling_options.affinity.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.report_options.scheduling_options.affinity.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.label_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.report_options.scheduling_options.affinity.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.report_options.scheduling_options.affinity.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.report_options.scheduling_options.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matchingthe labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a nodewhose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of theselected pods is running.Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector))
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) A label query over the set of namespaces that the term applies to.The term is applied to the union of the namespaces selected by this fieldand the ones listed in the namespaces field.null selector and null or empty namespaces list means 'this pod's namespace'.An empty selector ({}) matches all namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies a static list of namespace names that the term applies to.The term is applied to the union of the namespaces listed in this fieldand the ones selected by namespaceSelector.null or empty namespaces list and null namespaceSelector means 'this pod's namespace'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.report_options.scheduling_options.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.report_options.scheduling_options.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.report_options.scheduling_options.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.report_options.scheduling_options.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_anti_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.report_options.scheduling_options.affinity.pod_anti_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) The scheduler will prefer to schedule pods to nodes that satisfythe anti-affinity expressions specified by this field, but it may choosea node that violates one or more of the expressions. The node that ismost preferred is the one with the greatest sum of weights, i.e.for each node that meets all of the scheduling requirements (resourcerequest, requiredDuringScheduling anti-affinity expressions, etc.),compute a sum by iterating through the elements of this field and adding'weight' to the sum if the node has pods which matches the corresponding podAffinityTerm; thenode(s) with the highest sum are the most preferred. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) If the anti-affinity requirements specified by this field are not met atscheduling time, the pod will not be scheduled onto the node.If the anti-affinity requirements specified by this field cease to be metat some point during pod execution (e.g. due to a pod label update), thesystem may or may not try to eventually evict the pod from its node.When there are multiple elements, the lists of nodes corresponding to eachpodAffinityTerm are intersected, i.e. all terms must be satisfied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.report_options.scheduling_options.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `pod_affinity_term` (Attributes) Required. A pod affinity term, associated with the corresponding weight. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term))
- `weight` (Number) weight associated with matching the corresponding podAffinityTerm,in the range 1-100.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.report_options.scheduling_options.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matchingthe labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a nodewhose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of theselected pods is running.Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector))
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) A label query over the set of namespaces that the term applies to.The term is applied to the union of the namespaces selected by this fieldand the ones listed in the namespaces field.null selector and null or empty namespaces list means 'this pod's namespace'.An empty selector ({}) matches all namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies a static list of namespace names that the term applies to.The term is applied to the union of the namespaces listed in this fieldand the ones selected by namespaceSelector.null or empty namespaces list and null namespaceSelector means 'this pod's namespace'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.report_options.scheduling_options.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.report_options.scheduling_options.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.label_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.report_options.scheduling_options.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.report_options.scheduling_options.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.report_options.scheduling_options.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matchingthe labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a nodewhose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of theselected pods is running.Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector))
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) A label query over the set of namespaces that the term applies to.The term is applied to the union of the namespaces selected by this fieldand the ones listed in the namespaces field.null selector and null or empty namespaces list means 'this pod's namespace'.An empty selector ({}) matches all namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies a static list of namespace names that the term applies to.The term is applied to the union of the namespaces listed in this fieldand the ones selected by namespaceSelector.null or empty namespaces list and null namespaceSelector means 'this pod's namespace'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.report_options.scheduling_options.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.report_options.scheduling_options.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.report_options.scheduling_options.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.report_options.scheduling_options.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.






<a id="nestedatt--spec--report_options--scheduling_options--tolerations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.report_options.scheduling_options.tolerations`

Optional:

- `effect` (String) Effect indicates the taint effect to match. Empty means match all taint effects.When specified, allowed values are NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Key is the taint key that the toleration applies to. Empty means match all taint keys.If the key is empty, operator must be Exists; this combination means to match all values and all keys.
- `operator` (String) Operator represents a key's relationship to the value.Valid operators are Exists and Equal. Defaults to Equal.Exists is equivalent to wildcard for value, so that a pod cantolerate all taints of a particular category.
- `toleration_seconds` (Number) TolerationSeconds represents the period of time the toleration (which must beof effect NoExecute, otherwise this field is ignored) tolerates the taint. By default,it is not set, which means tolerate the taint forever (do not evict). Zero andnegative values will be treated as 0 (evict immediately) by the system.
- `value` (String) Value is the taint value the toleration matches to.If the operator is Exists, the value should be empty, otherwise just a regular string.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--report_options--security_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.report_options.security_options`

Optional:

- `pod_security_context` (Attributes) Security Context to apply to the Cryostat report generator pod. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--report_options--security_options--pod_security_context))
- `reports_security_context` (Attributes) Security Context to apply to the Cryostat report generator container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--report_options--security_options--reports_security_context))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--report_options--security_options--pod_security_context"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.report_options.security_options.pod_security_context`

Optional:

- `fs_group` (Number) A special supplemental group that applies to all containers in a pod.Some volume types allow the Kubelet to change the ownership of that volumeto be owned by the pod:1. The owning GID will be the FSGroup2. The setgid bit is set (new files created in the volume will be owned by FSGroup)3. The permission bits are OR'd with rw-rw----If unset, the Kubelet will not modify the ownership and permissions of any volume.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `fs_group_change_policy` (String) fsGroupChangePolicy defines behavior of changing ownership and permission of the volumebefore being exposed inside Pod. This field will only apply tovolume types which support fsGroup based ownership(and permissions).It will have no effect on ephemeral volume types such as: secret, configmapsand emptydir.Valid values are 'OnRootMismatch' and 'Always'. If not specified, 'Always' is used.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `run_as_group` (Number) The GID to run the entrypoint of the container process.Uses runtime default if unset.May also be set in SecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedencefor that container.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `run_as_non_root` (Boolean) Indicates that the container must run as a non-root user.If true, the Kubelet will validate the image at runtime to ensure that itdoes not run as UID 0 (root) and fail to start the container if it does.If unset or false, no such validation will be performed.May also be set in SecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.
- `run_as_user` (Number) The UID to run the entrypoint of the container process.Defaults to user specified in image metadata if unspecified.May also be set in SecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedencefor that container.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `se_linux_options` (Attributes) The SELinux context to be applied to all containers.If unspecified, the container runtime will allocate a random SELinux context for eachcontainer.  May also be set in SecurityContext.  If set inboth SecurityContext and PodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContexttakes precedence for that container.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--report_options--security_options--pod_security_context--se_linux_options))
- `seccomp_profile` (Attributes) The seccomp options to use by the containers in this pod.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--report_options--security_options--pod_security_context--seccomp_profile))
- `supplemental_groups` (List of String) A list of groups applied to the first process run in each container, in additionto the container's primary GID, the fsGroup (if specified), and group membershipsdefined in the container image for the uid of the container process. If unspecified,no additional groups are added to any container. Note that group membershipsdefined in the container image for the uid of the container process are still effective,even if they are not included in this list.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `sysctls` (Attributes List) Sysctls hold a list of namespaced sysctls used for the pod. Pods with unsupportedsysctls (by the container runtime) might fail to launch.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--report_options--security_options--pod_security_context--sysctls))
- `windows_options` (Attributes) The Windows specific settings applied to all containers.If unspecified, the options within a container's SecurityContext will be used.If set in both SecurityContext and PodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is linux. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--report_options--security_options--pod_security_context--windows_options))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--report_options--security_options--pod_security_context--se_linux_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.report_options.security_options.pod_security_context.se_linux_options`

Optional:

- `level` (String) Level is SELinux level label that applies to the container.
- `role` (String) Role is a SELinux role label that applies to the container.
- `type` (String) Type is a SELinux type label that applies to the container.
- `user` (String) User is a SELinux user label that applies to the container.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--report_options--security_options--pod_security_context--seccomp_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.report_options.security_options.pod_security_context.seccomp_profile`

Required:

- `type` (String) type indicates which kind of seccomp profile will be applied.Valid options are:Localhost - a profile defined in a file on the node should be used.RuntimeDefault - the container runtime default profile should be used.Unconfined - no profile should be applied.

Optional:

- `localhost_profile` (String) localhostProfile indicates a profile defined in a file on the node should be used.The profile must be preconfigured on the node to work.Must be a descending path, relative to the kubelet's configured seccomp profile location.Must be set if type is 'Localhost'. Must NOT be set for any other type.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--report_options--security_options--pod_security_context--sysctls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.report_options.security_options.pod_security_context.sysctls`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of a property to set
- `value` (String) Value of a property to set


<a id="nestedatt--spec--report_options--security_options--pod_security_context--windows_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.report_options.security_options.pod_security_context.windows_options`

Optional:

- `gmsa_credential_spec` (String) GMSACredentialSpec is where the GMSA admission webhook(https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/windows-gmsa) inlines the contents of theGMSA credential spec named by the GMSACredentialSpecName field.
- `gmsa_credential_spec_name` (String) GMSACredentialSpecName is the name of the GMSA credential spec to use.
- `host_process` (Boolean) HostProcess determines if a container should be run as a 'Host Process' container.All of a Pod's containers must have the same effective HostProcess value(it is not allowed to have a mix of HostProcess containers and non-HostProcess containers).In addition, if HostProcess is true then HostNetwork must also be set to true.
- `run_as_user_name` (String) The UserName in Windows to run the entrypoint of the container process.Defaults to the user specified in image metadata if unspecified.May also be set in PodSecurityContext. If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--report_options--security_options--reports_security_context"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.report_options.security_options.reports_security_context`

Optional:

- `allow_privilege_escalation` (Boolean) AllowPrivilegeEscalation controls whether a process can gain moreprivileges than its parent process. This bool directly controls ifthe no_new_privs flag will be set on the container process.AllowPrivilegeEscalation is true always when the container is:1) run as Privileged2) has CAP_SYS_ADMINNote that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `capabilities` (Attributes) The capabilities to add/drop when running containers.Defaults to the default set of capabilities granted by the container runtime.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--report_options--security_options--reports_security_context--capabilities))
- `privileged` (Boolean) Run container in privileged mode.Processes in privileged containers are essentially equivalent to root on the host.Defaults to false.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `proc_mount` (String) procMount denotes the type of proc mount to use for the containers.The default is DefaultProcMount which uses the container runtime defaults forreadonly paths and masked paths.This requires the ProcMountType feature flag to be enabled.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `read_only_root_filesystem` (Boolean) Whether this container has a read-only root filesystem.Default is false.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `run_as_group` (Number) The GID to run the entrypoint of the container process.Uses runtime default if unset.May also be set in PodSecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `run_as_non_root` (Boolean) Indicates that the container must run as a non-root user.If true, the Kubelet will validate the image at runtime to ensure that itdoes not run as UID 0 (root) and fail to start the container if it does.If unset or false, no such validation will be performed.May also be set in PodSecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.
- `run_as_user` (Number) The UID to run the entrypoint of the container process.Defaults to user specified in image metadata if unspecified.May also be set in PodSecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `se_linux_options` (Attributes) The SELinux context to be applied to the container.If unspecified, the container runtime will allocate a random SELinux context for eachcontainer.  May also be set in PodSecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--report_options--security_options--reports_security_context--se_linux_options))
- `seccomp_profile` (Attributes) The seccomp options to use by this container. If seccomp options areprovided at both the pod & container level, the container optionsoverride the pod options.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--report_options--security_options--reports_security_context--seccomp_profile))
- `windows_options` (Attributes) The Windows specific settings applied to all containers.If unspecified, the options from the PodSecurityContext will be used.If set in both SecurityContext and PodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is linux. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--report_options--security_options--reports_security_context--windows_options))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--report_options--security_options--reports_security_context--capabilities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.report_options.security_options.reports_security_context.capabilities`

Optional:

- `add` (List of String) Added capabilities
- `drop` (List of String) Removed capabilities


<a id="nestedatt--spec--report_options--security_options--reports_security_context--se_linux_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.report_options.security_options.reports_security_context.se_linux_options`

Optional:

- `level` (String) Level is SELinux level label that applies to the container.
- `role` (String) Role is a SELinux role label that applies to the container.
- `type` (String) Type is a SELinux type label that applies to the container.
- `user` (String) User is a SELinux user label that applies to the container.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--report_options--security_options--reports_security_context--seccomp_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.report_options.security_options.reports_security_context.seccomp_profile`

Required:

- `type` (String) type indicates which kind of seccomp profile will be applied.Valid options are:Localhost - a profile defined in a file on the node should be used.RuntimeDefault - the container runtime default profile should be used.Unconfined - no profile should be applied.

Optional:

- `localhost_profile` (String) localhostProfile indicates a profile defined in a file on the node should be used.The profile must be preconfigured on the node to work.Must be a descending path, relative to the kubelet's configured seccomp profile location.Must be set if type is 'Localhost'. Must NOT be set for any other type.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--report_options--security_options--reports_security_context--windows_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.report_options.security_options.reports_security_context.windows_options`

Optional:

- `gmsa_credential_spec` (String) GMSACredentialSpec is where the GMSA admission webhook(https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/windows-gmsa) inlines the contents of theGMSA credential spec named by the GMSACredentialSpecName field.
- `gmsa_credential_spec_name` (String) GMSACredentialSpecName is the name of the GMSA credential spec to use.
- `host_process` (Boolean) HostProcess determines if a container should be run as a 'Host Process' container.All of a Pod's containers must have the same effective HostProcess value(it is not allowed to have a mix of HostProcess containers and non-HostProcess containers).In addition, if HostProcess is true then HostNetwork must also be set to true.
- `run_as_user_name` (String) The UserName in Windows to run the entrypoint of the container process.Defaults to the user specified in image metadata if unspecified.May also be set in PodSecurityContext. If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources`

Optional:

- `auth_proxy_resources` (Attributes) Resource requirements for the auth proxy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources--auth_proxy_resources))
- `core_resources` (Attributes) Resource requirements for the Cryostat application. If specifying a memory limit, at least 384MiB is recommended. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources--core_resources))
- `data_source_resources` (Attributes) Resource requirements for the JFR Data Source container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources--data_source_resources))
- `database_resources` (Attributes) Resource requirements for the database container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources--database_resources))
- `grafana_resources` (Attributes) Resource requirements for the Grafana container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources--grafana_resources))
- `object_storage_resources` (Attributes) Resource requirements for the object storage container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources--object_storage_resources))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources--auth_proxy_resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources.auth_proxy_resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims,that are used by this container.This is an alpha field and requires enabling theDynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources--auth_proxy_resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required.If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified,otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources--auth_proxy_resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources.auth_proxy_resources.claims`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims ofthe Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource availableinside a container.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources--core_resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources.core_resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims,that are used by this container.This is an alpha field and requires enabling theDynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources--core_resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required.If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified,otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources--core_resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources.core_resources.claims`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims ofthe Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource availableinside a container.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources--data_source_resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources.data_source_resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims,that are used by this container.This is an alpha field and requires enabling theDynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources--data_source_resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required.If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified,otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources--data_source_resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources.data_source_resources.claims`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims ofthe Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource availableinside a container.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources--database_resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources.database_resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims,that are used by this container.This is an alpha field and requires enabling theDynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources--database_resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required.If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified,otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources--database_resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources.database_resources.claims`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims ofthe Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource availableinside a container.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources--grafana_resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources.grafana_resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims,that are used by this container.This is an alpha field and requires enabling theDynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources--grafana_resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required.If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified,otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources--grafana_resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources.grafana_resources.claims`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims ofthe Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource availableinside a container.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources--object_storage_resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources.object_storage_resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims,that are used by this container.This is an alpha field and requires enabling theDynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources--object_storage_resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required.If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified,otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources--object_storage_resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources.object_storage_resources.claims`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims ofthe Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource availableinside a container.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling_options`

Optional:

- `affinity` (Attributes) Affinity rules for scheduling Cryostat pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity))
- `node_selector` (Map of String) Label selector used to schedule a Cryostat pod to a node. See: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/assign-pod-node/
- `tolerations` (Attributes List) Tolerations to allow scheduling of Cryostat pods to tainted nodes. See: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/taint-and-toleration/ (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--tolerations))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling_options.affinity`

Optional:

- `node_affinity` (Attributes) Node affinity scheduling rules for a Cryostat pod. See: https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/workload-resources/pod-v1/#NodeAffinity (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--node_affinity))
- `pod_affinity` (Attributes) Pod affinity scheduling rules for a Cryostat pod. See: https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/workload-resources/pod-v1/#PodAffinity (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_affinity))
- `pod_anti_affinity` (Attributes) Pod anti-affinity scheduling rules for a Cryostat pod. See: https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/workload-resources/pod-v1/#PodAntiAffinity (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_anti_affinity))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--node_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling_options.affinity.node_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) The scheduler will prefer to schedule pods to nodes that satisfythe affinity expressions specified by this field, but it may choosea node that violates one or more of the expressions. The node that ismost preferred is the one with the greatest sum of weights, i.e.for each node that meets all of the scheduling requirements (resourcerequest, requiredDuringScheduling affinity expressions, etc.),compute a sum by iterating through the elements of this field and adding'weight' to the sum if the node matches the corresponding matchExpressions; thenode(s) with the highest sum are the most preferred. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes) If the affinity requirements specified by this field are not met atscheduling time, the pod will not be scheduled onto the node.If the affinity requirements specified by this field cease to be metat some point during pod execution (e.g. due to an update), the systemmay or may not try to eventually evict the pod from its node. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling_options.affinity.node_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `preference` (Attributes) A node selector term, associated with the corresponding weight. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference))
- `weight` (Number) Weight associated with matching the corresponding nodeSelectorTerm, in the range 1-100.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling_options.affinity.node_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.preference`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's labels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_expressions))
- `match_fields` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_fields))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling_options.affinity.node_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.preference.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the valuesarray must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer.This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling_options.affinity.node_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.preference.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the valuesarray must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer.This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling_options.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `node_selector_terms` (Attributes List) Required. A list of node selector terms. The terms are ORed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling_options.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's labels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_expressions))
- `match_fields` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_fields))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling_options.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the valuesarray must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer.This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling_options.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the valuesarray must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer.This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling_options.affinity.pod_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) The scheduler will prefer to schedule pods to nodes that satisfythe affinity expressions specified by this field, but it may choosea node that violates one or more of the expressions. The node that ismost preferred is the one with the greatest sum of weights, i.e.for each node that meets all of the scheduling requirements (resourcerequest, requiredDuringScheduling affinity expressions, etc.),compute a sum by iterating through the elements of this field and adding'weight' to the sum if the node has pods which matches the corresponding podAffinityTerm; thenode(s) with the highest sum are the most preferred. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) If the affinity requirements specified by this field are not met atscheduling time, the pod will not be scheduled onto the node.If the affinity requirements specified by this field cease to be metat some point during pod execution (e.g. due to a pod label update), thesystem may or may not try to eventually evict the pod from its node.When there are multiple elements, the lists of nodes corresponding to eachpodAffinityTerm are intersected, i.e. all terms must be satisfied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling_options.affinity.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `pod_affinity_term` (Attributes) Required. A pod affinity term, associated with the corresponding weight. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term))
- `weight` (Number) weight associated with matching the corresponding podAffinityTerm,in the range 1-100.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling_options.affinity.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matchingthe labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a nodewhose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of theselected pods is running.Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector))
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) A label query over the set of namespaces that the term applies to.The term is applied to the union of the namespaces selected by this fieldand the ones listed in the namespaces field.null selector and null or empty namespaces list means 'this pod's namespace'.An empty selector ({}) matches all namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies a static list of namespace names that the term applies to.The term is applied to the union of the namespaces listed in this fieldand the ones selected by namespaceSelector.null or empty namespaces list and null namespaceSelector means 'this pod's namespace'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling_options.affinity.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling_options.affinity.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.label_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling_options.affinity.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling_options.affinity.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling_options.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matchingthe labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a nodewhose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of theselected pods is running.Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector))
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) A label query over the set of namespaces that the term applies to.The term is applied to the union of the namespaces selected by this fieldand the ones listed in the namespaces field.null selector and null or empty namespaces list means 'this pod's namespace'.An empty selector ({}) matches all namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies a static list of namespace names that the term applies to.The term is applied to the union of the namespaces listed in this fieldand the ones selected by namespaceSelector.null or empty namespaces list and null namespaceSelector means 'this pod's namespace'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling_options.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling_options.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling_options.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling_options.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_anti_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling_options.affinity.pod_anti_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) The scheduler will prefer to schedule pods to nodes that satisfythe anti-affinity expressions specified by this field, but it may choosea node that violates one or more of the expressions. The node that ismost preferred is the one with the greatest sum of weights, i.e.for each node that meets all of the scheduling requirements (resourcerequest, requiredDuringScheduling anti-affinity expressions, etc.),compute a sum by iterating through the elements of this field and adding'weight' to the sum if the node has pods which matches the corresponding podAffinityTerm; thenode(s) with the highest sum are the most preferred. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) If the anti-affinity requirements specified by this field are not met atscheduling time, the pod will not be scheduled onto the node.If the anti-affinity requirements specified by this field cease to be metat some point during pod execution (e.g. due to a pod label update), thesystem may or may not try to eventually evict the pod from its node.When there are multiple elements, the lists of nodes corresponding to eachpodAffinityTerm are intersected, i.e. all terms must be satisfied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling_options.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `pod_affinity_term` (Attributes) Required. A pod affinity term, associated with the corresponding weight. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term))
- `weight` (Number) weight associated with matching the corresponding podAffinityTerm,in the range 1-100.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling_options.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matchingthe labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a nodewhose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of theselected pods is running.Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector))
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) A label query over the set of namespaces that the term applies to.The term is applied to the union of the namespaces selected by this fieldand the ones listed in the namespaces field.null selector and null or empty namespaces list means 'this pod's namespace'.An empty selector ({}) matches all namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies a static list of namespace names that the term applies to.The term is applied to the union of the namespaces listed in this fieldand the ones selected by namespaceSelector.null or empty namespaces list and null namespaceSelector means 'this pod's namespace'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling_options.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling_options.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.label_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling_options.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling_options.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling_options.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matchingthe labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a nodewhose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of theselected pods is running.Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector))
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) A label query over the set of namespaces that the term applies to.The term is applied to the union of the namespaces selected by this fieldand the ones listed in the namespaces field.null selector and null or empty namespaces list means 'this pod's namespace'.An empty selector ({}) matches all namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies a static list of namespace names that the term applies to.The term is applied to the union of the namespaces listed in this fieldand the ones selected by namespaceSelector.null or empty namespaces list and null namespaceSelector means 'this pod's namespace'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling_options.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling_options.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling_options.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling_options.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.






<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling_options--tolerations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling_options.tolerations`

Optional:

- `effect` (String) Effect indicates the taint effect to match. Empty means match all taint effects.When specified, allowed values are NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Key is the taint key that the toleration applies to. Empty means match all taint keys.If the key is empty, operator must be Exists; this combination means to match all values and all keys.
- `operator` (String) Operator represents a key's relationship to the value.Valid operators are Exists and Equal. Defaults to Equal.Exists is equivalent to wildcard for value, so that a pod cantolerate all taints of a particular category.
- `toleration_seconds` (Number) TolerationSeconds represents the period of time the toleration (which must beof effect NoExecute, otherwise this field is ignored) tolerates the taint. By default,it is not set, which means tolerate the taint forever (do not evict). Zero andnegative values will be treated as 0 (evict immediately) by the system.
- `value` (String) Value is the taint value the toleration matches to.If the operator is Exists, the value should be empty, otherwise just a regular string.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--security_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security_options`

Optional:

- `auth_proxy_security_context` (Attributes) Security Context to apply to the auth proxy container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security_options--auth_proxy_security_context))
- `core_security_context` (Attributes) Security Context to apply to the Cryostat application container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security_options--core_security_context))
- `data_source_security_context` (Attributes) Security Context to apply to the JFR Data Source container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security_options--data_source_security_context))
- `database_security_context` (Attributes) Security Context to apply to the database container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security_options--database_security_context))
- `grafana_security_context` (Attributes) Security Context to apply to the Grafana container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security_options--grafana_security_context))
- `pod_security_context` (Attributes) Security Context to apply to the Cryostat pod. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security_options--pod_security_context))
- `storage_security_context` (Attributes) Security Context to apply to the storage container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security_options--storage_security_context))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--security_options--auth_proxy_security_context"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security_options.auth_proxy_security_context`

Optional:

- `allow_privilege_escalation` (Boolean) AllowPrivilegeEscalation controls whether a process can gain moreprivileges than its parent process. This bool directly controls ifthe no_new_privs flag will be set on the container process.AllowPrivilegeEscalation is true always when the container is:1) run as Privileged2) has CAP_SYS_ADMINNote that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `capabilities` (Attributes) The capabilities to add/drop when running containers.Defaults to the default set of capabilities granted by the container runtime.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security_options--auth_proxy_security_context--capabilities))
- `privileged` (Boolean) Run container in privileged mode.Processes in privileged containers are essentially equivalent to root on the host.Defaults to false.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `proc_mount` (String) procMount denotes the type of proc mount to use for the containers.The default is DefaultProcMount which uses the container runtime defaults forreadonly paths and masked paths.This requires the ProcMountType feature flag to be enabled.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `read_only_root_filesystem` (Boolean) Whether this container has a read-only root filesystem.Default is false.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `run_as_group` (Number) The GID to run the entrypoint of the container process.Uses runtime default if unset.May also be set in PodSecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `run_as_non_root` (Boolean) Indicates that the container must run as a non-root user.If true, the Kubelet will validate the image at runtime to ensure that itdoes not run as UID 0 (root) and fail to start the container if it does.If unset or false, no such validation will be performed.May also be set in PodSecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.
- `run_as_user` (Number) The UID to run the entrypoint of the container process.Defaults to user specified in image metadata if unspecified.May also be set in PodSecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `se_linux_options` (Attributes) The SELinux context to be applied to the container.If unspecified, the container runtime will allocate a random SELinux context for eachcontainer.  May also be set in PodSecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security_options--auth_proxy_security_context--se_linux_options))
- `seccomp_profile` (Attributes) The seccomp options to use by this container. If seccomp options areprovided at both the pod & container level, the container optionsoverride the pod options.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security_options--auth_proxy_security_context--seccomp_profile))
- `windows_options` (Attributes) The Windows specific settings applied to all containers.If unspecified, the options from the PodSecurityContext will be used.If set in both SecurityContext and PodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is linux. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security_options--auth_proxy_security_context--windows_options))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--security_options--auth_proxy_security_context--capabilities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security_options.auth_proxy_security_context.capabilities`

Optional:

- `add` (List of String) Added capabilities
- `drop` (List of String) Removed capabilities


<a id="nestedatt--spec--security_options--auth_proxy_security_context--se_linux_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security_options.auth_proxy_security_context.se_linux_options`

Optional:

- `level` (String) Level is SELinux level label that applies to the container.
- `role` (String) Role is a SELinux role label that applies to the container.
- `type` (String) Type is a SELinux type label that applies to the container.
- `user` (String) User is a SELinux user label that applies to the container.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--security_options--auth_proxy_security_context--seccomp_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security_options.auth_proxy_security_context.seccomp_profile`

Required:

- `type` (String) type indicates which kind of seccomp profile will be applied.Valid options are:Localhost - a profile defined in a file on the node should be used.RuntimeDefault - the container runtime default profile should be used.Unconfined - no profile should be applied.

Optional:

- `localhost_profile` (String) localhostProfile indicates a profile defined in a file on the node should be used.The profile must be preconfigured on the node to work.Must be a descending path, relative to the kubelet's configured seccomp profile location.Must be set if type is 'Localhost'. Must NOT be set for any other type.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--security_options--auth_proxy_security_context--windows_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security_options.auth_proxy_security_context.windows_options`

Optional:

- `gmsa_credential_spec` (String) GMSACredentialSpec is where the GMSA admission webhook(https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/windows-gmsa) inlines the contents of theGMSA credential spec named by the GMSACredentialSpecName field.
- `gmsa_credential_spec_name` (String) GMSACredentialSpecName is the name of the GMSA credential spec to use.
- `host_process` (Boolean) HostProcess determines if a container should be run as a 'Host Process' container.All of a Pod's containers must have the same effective HostProcess value(it is not allowed to have a mix of HostProcess containers and non-HostProcess containers).In addition, if HostProcess is true then HostNetwork must also be set to true.
- `run_as_user_name` (String) The UserName in Windows to run the entrypoint of the container process.Defaults to the user specified in image metadata if unspecified.May also be set in PodSecurityContext. If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--security_options--core_security_context"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security_options.core_security_context`

Optional:

- `allow_privilege_escalation` (Boolean) AllowPrivilegeEscalation controls whether a process can gain moreprivileges than its parent process. This bool directly controls ifthe no_new_privs flag will be set on the container process.AllowPrivilegeEscalation is true always when the container is:1) run as Privileged2) has CAP_SYS_ADMINNote that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `capabilities` (Attributes) The capabilities to add/drop when running containers.Defaults to the default set of capabilities granted by the container runtime.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security_options--core_security_context--capabilities))
- `privileged` (Boolean) Run container in privileged mode.Processes in privileged containers are essentially equivalent to root on the host.Defaults to false.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `proc_mount` (String) procMount denotes the type of proc mount to use for the containers.The default is DefaultProcMount which uses the container runtime defaults forreadonly paths and masked paths.This requires the ProcMountType feature flag to be enabled.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `read_only_root_filesystem` (Boolean) Whether this container has a read-only root filesystem.Default is false.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `run_as_group` (Number) The GID to run the entrypoint of the container process.Uses runtime default if unset.May also be set in PodSecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `run_as_non_root` (Boolean) Indicates that the container must run as a non-root user.If true, the Kubelet will validate the image at runtime to ensure that itdoes not run as UID 0 (root) and fail to start the container if it does.If unset or false, no such validation will be performed.May also be set in PodSecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.
- `run_as_user` (Number) The UID to run the entrypoint of the container process.Defaults to user specified in image metadata if unspecified.May also be set in PodSecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `se_linux_options` (Attributes) The SELinux context to be applied to the container.If unspecified, the container runtime will allocate a random SELinux context for eachcontainer.  May also be set in PodSecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security_options--core_security_context--se_linux_options))
- `seccomp_profile` (Attributes) The seccomp options to use by this container. If seccomp options areprovided at both the pod & container level, the container optionsoverride the pod options.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security_options--core_security_context--seccomp_profile))
- `windows_options` (Attributes) The Windows specific settings applied to all containers.If unspecified, the options from the PodSecurityContext will be used.If set in both SecurityContext and PodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is linux. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security_options--core_security_context--windows_options))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--security_options--core_security_context--capabilities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security_options.core_security_context.capabilities`

Optional:

- `add` (List of String) Added capabilities
- `drop` (List of String) Removed capabilities


<a id="nestedatt--spec--security_options--core_security_context--se_linux_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security_options.core_security_context.se_linux_options`

Optional:

- `level` (String) Level is SELinux level label that applies to the container.
- `role` (String) Role is a SELinux role label that applies to the container.
- `type` (String) Type is a SELinux type label that applies to the container.
- `user` (String) User is a SELinux user label that applies to the container.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--security_options--core_security_context--seccomp_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security_options.core_security_context.seccomp_profile`

Required:

- `type` (String) type indicates which kind of seccomp profile will be applied.Valid options are:Localhost - a profile defined in a file on the node should be used.RuntimeDefault - the container runtime default profile should be used.Unconfined - no profile should be applied.

Optional:

- `localhost_profile` (String) localhostProfile indicates a profile defined in a file on the node should be used.The profile must be preconfigured on the node to work.Must be a descending path, relative to the kubelet's configured seccomp profile location.Must be set if type is 'Localhost'. Must NOT be set for any other type.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--security_options--core_security_context--windows_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security_options.core_security_context.windows_options`

Optional:

- `gmsa_credential_spec` (String) GMSACredentialSpec is where the GMSA admission webhook(https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/windows-gmsa) inlines the contents of theGMSA credential spec named by the GMSACredentialSpecName field.
- `gmsa_credential_spec_name` (String) GMSACredentialSpecName is the name of the GMSA credential spec to use.
- `host_process` (Boolean) HostProcess determines if a container should be run as a 'Host Process' container.All of a Pod's containers must have the same effective HostProcess value(it is not allowed to have a mix of HostProcess containers and non-HostProcess containers).In addition, if HostProcess is true then HostNetwork must also be set to true.
- `run_as_user_name` (String) The UserName in Windows to run the entrypoint of the container process.Defaults to the user specified in image metadata if unspecified.May also be set in PodSecurityContext. If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--security_options--data_source_security_context"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security_options.data_source_security_context`

Optional:

- `allow_privilege_escalation` (Boolean) AllowPrivilegeEscalation controls whether a process can gain moreprivileges than its parent process. This bool directly controls ifthe no_new_privs flag will be set on the container process.AllowPrivilegeEscalation is true always when the container is:1) run as Privileged2) has CAP_SYS_ADMINNote that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `capabilities` (Attributes) The capabilities to add/drop when running containers.Defaults to the default set of capabilities granted by the container runtime.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security_options--data_source_security_context--capabilities))
- `privileged` (Boolean) Run container in privileged mode.Processes in privileged containers are essentially equivalent to root on the host.Defaults to false.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `proc_mount` (String) procMount denotes the type of proc mount to use for the containers.The default is DefaultProcMount which uses the container runtime defaults forreadonly paths and masked paths.This requires the ProcMountType feature flag to be enabled.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `read_only_root_filesystem` (Boolean) Whether this container has a read-only root filesystem.Default is false.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `run_as_group` (Number) The GID to run the entrypoint of the container process.Uses runtime default if unset.May also be set in PodSecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `run_as_non_root` (Boolean) Indicates that the container must run as a non-root user.If true, the Kubelet will validate the image at runtime to ensure that itdoes not run as UID 0 (root) and fail to start the container if it does.If unset or false, no such validation will be performed.May also be set in PodSecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.
- `run_as_user` (Number) The UID to run the entrypoint of the container process.Defaults to user specified in image metadata if unspecified.May also be set in PodSecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `se_linux_options` (Attributes) The SELinux context to be applied to the container.If unspecified, the container runtime will allocate a random SELinux context for eachcontainer.  May also be set in PodSecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security_options--data_source_security_context--se_linux_options))
- `seccomp_profile` (Attributes) The seccomp options to use by this container. If seccomp options areprovided at both the pod & container level, the container optionsoverride the pod options.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security_options--data_source_security_context--seccomp_profile))
- `windows_options` (Attributes) The Windows specific settings applied to all containers.If unspecified, the options from the PodSecurityContext will be used.If set in both SecurityContext and PodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is linux. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security_options--data_source_security_context--windows_options))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--security_options--data_source_security_context--capabilities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security_options.data_source_security_context.capabilities`

Optional:

- `add` (List of String) Added capabilities
- `drop` (List of String) Removed capabilities


<a id="nestedatt--spec--security_options--data_source_security_context--se_linux_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security_options.data_source_security_context.se_linux_options`

Optional:

- `level` (String) Level is SELinux level label that applies to the container.
- `role` (String) Role is a SELinux role label that applies to the container.
- `type` (String) Type is a SELinux type label that applies to the container.
- `user` (String) User is a SELinux user label that applies to the container.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--security_options--data_source_security_context--seccomp_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security_options.data_source_security_context.seccomp_profile`

Required:

- `type` (String) type indicates which kind of seccomp profile will be applied.Valid options are:Localhost - a profile defined in a file on the node should be used.RuntimeDefault - the container runtime default profile should be used.Unconfined - no profile should be applied.

Optional:

- `localhost_profile` (String) localhostProfile indicates a profile defined in a file on the node should be used.The profile must be preconfigured on the node to work.Must be a descending path, relative to the kubelet's configured seccomp profile location.Must be set if type is 'Localhost'. Must NOT be set for any other type.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--security_options--data_source_security_context--windows_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security_options.data_source_security_context.windows_options`

Optional:

- `gmsa_credential_spec` (String) GMSACredentialSpec is where the GMSA admission webhook(https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/windows-gmsa) inlines the contents of theGMSA credential spec named by the GMSACredentialSpecName field.
- `gmsa_credential_spec_name` (String) GMSACredentialSpecName is the name of the GMSA credential spec to use.
- `host_process` (Boolean) HostProcess determines if a container should be run as a 'Host Process' container.All of a Pod's containers must have the same effective HostProcess value(it is not allowed to have a mix of HostProcess containers and non-HostProcess containers).In addition, if HostProcess is true then HostNetwork must also be set to true.
- `run_as_user_name` (String) The UserName in Windows to run the entrypoint of the container process.Defaults to the user specified in image metadata if unspecified.May also be set in PodSecurityContext. If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--security_options--database_security_context"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security_options.database_security_context`

Optional:

- `allow_privilege_escalation` (Boolean) AllowPrivilegeEscalation controls whether a process can gain moreprivileges than its parent process. This bool directly controls ifthe no_new_privs flag will be set on the container process.AllowPrivilegeEscalation is true always when the container is:1) run as Privileged2) has CAP_SYS_ADMINNote that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `capabilities` (Attributes) The capabilities to add/drop when running containers.Defaults to the default set of capabilities granted by the container runtime.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security_options--database_security_context--capabilities))
- `privileged` (Boolean) Run container in privileged mode.Processes in privileged containers are essentially equivalent to root on the host.Defaults to false.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `proc_mount` (String) procMount denotes the type of proc mount to use for the containers.The default is DefaultProcMount which uses the container runtime defaults forreadonly paths and masked paths.This requires the ProcMountType feature flag to be enabled.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `read_only_root_filesystem` (Boolean) Whether this container has a read-only root filesystem.Default is false.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `run_as_group` (Number) The GID to run the entrypoint of the container process.Uses runtime default if unset.May also be set in PodSecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `run_as_non_root` (Boolean) Indicates that the container must run as a non-root user.If true, the Kubelet will validate the image at runtime to ensure that itdoes not run as UID 0 (root) and fail to start the container if it does.If unset or false, no such validation will be performed.May also be set in PodSecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.
- `run_as_user` (Number) The UID to run the entrypoint of the container process.Defaults to user specified in image metadata if unspecified.May also be set in PodSecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `se_linux_options` (Attributes) The SELinux context to be applied to the container.If unspecified, the container runtime will allocate a random SELinux context for eachcontainer.  May also be set in PodSecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security_options--database_security_context--se_linux_options))
- `seccomp_profile` (Attributes) The seccomp options to use by this container. If seccomp options areprovided at both the pod & container level, the container optionsoverride the pod options.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security_options--database_security_context--seccomp_profile))
- `windows_options` (Attributes) The Windows specific settings applied to all containers.If unspecified, the options from the PodSecurityContext will be used.If set in both SecurityContext and PodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is linux. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security_options--database_security_context--windows_options))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--security_options--database_security_context--capabilities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security_options.database_security_context.capabilities`

Optional:

- `add` (List of String) Added capabilities
- `drop` (List of String) Removed capabilities


<a id="nestedatt--spec--security_options--database_security_context--se_linux_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security_options.database_security_context.se_linux_options`

Optional:

- `level` (String) Level is SELinux level label that applies to the container.
- `role` (String) Role is a SELinux role label that applies to the container.
- `type` (String) Type is a SELinux type label that applies to the container.
- `user` (String) User is a SELinux user label that applies to the container.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--security_options--database_security_context--seccomp_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security_options.database_security_context.seccomp_profile`

Required:

- `type` (String) type indicates which kind of seccomp profile will be applied.Valid options are:Localhost - a profile defined in a file on the node should be used.RuntimeDefault - the container runtime default profile should be used.Unconfined - no profile should be applied.

Optional:

- `localhost_profile` (String) localhostProfile indicates a profile defined in a file on the node should be used.The profile must be preconfigured on the node to work.Must be a descending path, relative to the kubelet's configured seccomp profile location.Must be set if type is 'Localhost'. Must NOT be set for any other type.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--security_options--database_security_context--windows_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security_options.database_security_context.windows_options`

Optional:

- `gmsa_credential_spec` (String) GMSACredentialSpec is where the GMSA admission webhook(https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/windows-gmsa) inlines the contents of theGMSA credential spec named by the GMSACredentialSpecName field.
- `gmsa_credential_spec_name` (String) GMSACredentialSpecName is the name of the GMSA credential spec to use.
- `host_process` (Boolean) HostProcess determines if a container should be run as a 'Host Process' container.All of a Pod's containers must have the same effective HostProcess value(it is not allowed to have a mix of HostProcess containers and non-HostProcess containers).In addition, if HostProcess is true then HostNetwork must also be set to true.
- `run_as_user_name` (String) The UserName in Windows to run the entrypoint of the container process.Defaults to the user specified in image metadata if unspecified.May also be set in PodSecurityContext. If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--security_options--grafana_security_context"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security_options.grafana_security_context`

Optional:

- `allow_privilege_escalation` (Boolean) AllowPrivilegeEscalation controls whether a process can gain moreprivileges than its parent process. This bool directly controls ifthe no_new_privs flag will be set on the container process.AllowPrivilegeEscalation is true always when the container is:1) run as Privileged2) has CAP_SYS_ADMINNote that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `capabilities` (Attributes) The capabilities to add/drop when running containers.Defaults to the default set of capabilities granted by the container runtime.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security_options--grafana_security_context--capabilities))
- `privileged` (Boolean) Run container in privileged mode.Processes in privileged containers are essentially equivalent to root on the host.Defaults to false.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `proc_mount` (String) procMount denotes the type of proc mount to use for the containers.The default is DefaultProcMount which uses the container runtime defaults forreadonly paths and masked paths.This requires the ProcMountType feature flag to be enabled.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `read_only_root_filesystem` (Boolean) Whether this container has a read-only root filesystem.Default is false.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `run_as_group` (Number) The GID to run the entrypoint of the container process.Uses runtime default if unset.May also be set in PodSecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `run_as_non_root` (Boolean) Indicates that the container must run as a non-root user.If true, the Kubelet will validate the image at runtime to ensure that itdoes not run as UID 0 (root) and fail to start the container if it does.If unset or false, no such validation will be performed.May also be set in PodSecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.
- `run_as_user` (Number) The UID to run the entrypoint of the container process.Defaults to user specified in image metadata if unspecified.May also be set in PodSecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `se_linux_options` (Attributes) The SELinux context to be applied to the container.If unspecified, the container runtime will allocate a random SELinux context for eachcontainer.  May also be set in PodSecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security_options--grafana_security_context--se_linux_options))
- `seccomp_profile` (Attributes) The seccomp options to use by this container. If seccomp options areprovided at both the pod & container level, the container optionsoverride the pod options.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security_options--grafana_security_context--seccomp_profile))
- `windows_options` (Attributes) The Windows specific settings applied to all containers.If unspecified, the options from the PodSecurityContext will be used.If set in both SecurityContext and PodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is linux. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security_options--grafana_security_context--windows_options))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--security_options--grafana_security_context--capabilities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security_options.grafana_security_context.capabilities`

Optional:

- `add` (List of String) Added capabilities
- `drop` (List of String) Removed capabilities


<a id="nestedatt--spec--security_options--grafana_security_context--se_linux_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security_options.grafana_security_context.se_linux_options`

Optional:

- `level` (String) Level is SELinux level label that applies to the container.
- `role` (String) Role is a SELinux role label that applies to the container.
- `type` (String) Type is a SELinux type label that applies to the container.
- `user` (String) User is a SELinux user label that applies to the container.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--security_options--grafana_security_context--seccomp_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security_options.grafana_security_context.seccomp_profile`

Required:

- `type` (String) type indicates which kind of seccomp profile will be applied.Valid options are:Localhost - a profile defined in a file on the node should be used.RuntimeDefault - the container runtime default profile should be used.Unconfined - no profile should be applied.

Optional:

- `localhost_profile` (String) localhostProfile indicates a profile defined in a file on the node should be used.The profile must be preconfigured on the node to work.Must be a descending path, relative to the kubelet's configured seccomp profile location.Must be set if type is 'Localhost'. Must NOT be set for any other type.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--security_options--grafana_security_context--windows_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security_options.grafana_security_context.windows_options`

Optional:

- `gmsa_credential_spec` (String) GMSACredentialSpec is where the GMSA admission webhook(https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/windows-gmsa) inlines the contents of theGMSA credential spec named by the GMSACredentialSpecName field.
- `gmsa_credential_spec_name` (String) GMSACredentialSpecName is the name of the GMSA credential spec to use.
- `host_process` (Boolean) HostProcess determines if a container should be run as a 'Host Process' container.All of a Pod's containers must have the same effective HostProcess value(it is not allowed to have a mix of HostProcess containers and non-HostProcess containers).In addition, if HostProcess is true then HostNetwork must also be set to true.
- `run_as_user_name` (String) The UserName in Windows to run the entrypoint of the container process.Defaults to the user specified in image metadata if unspecified.May also be set in PodSecurityContext. If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--security_options--pod_security_context"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security_options.pod_security_context`

Optional:

- `fs_group` (Number) A special supplemental group that applies to all containers in a pod.Some volume types allow the Kubelet to change the ownership of that volumeto be owned by the pod:1. The owning GID will be the FSGroup2. The setgid bit is set (new files created in the volume will be owned by FSGroup)3. The permission bits are OR'd with rw-rw----If unset, the Kubelet will not modify the ownership and permissions of any volume.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `fs_group_change_policy` (String) fsGroupChangePolicy defines behavior of changing ownership and permission of the volumebefore being exposed inside Pod. This field will only apply tovolume types which support fsGroup based ownership(and permissions).It will have no effect on ephemeral volume types such as: secret, configmapsand emptydir.Valid values are 'OnRootMismatch' and 'Always'. If not specified, 'Always' is used.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `run_as_group` (Number) The GID to run the entrypoint of the container process.Uses runtime default if unset.May also be set in SecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedencefor that container.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `run_as_non_root` (Boolean) Indicates that the container must run as a non-root user.If true, the Kubelet will validate the image at runtime to ensure that itdoes not run as UID 0 (root) and fail to start the container if it does.If unset or false, no such validation will be performed.May also be set in SecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.
- `run_as_user` (Number) The UID to run the entrypoint of the container process.Defaults to user specified in image metadata if unspecified.May also be set in SecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedencefor that container.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `se_linux_options` (Attributes) The SELinux context to be applied to all containers.If unspecified, the container runtime will allocate a random SELinux context for eachcontainer.  May also be set in SecurityContext.  If set inboth SecurityContext and PodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContexttakes precedence for that container.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security_options--pod_security_context--se_linux_options))
- `seccomp_profile` (Attributes) The seccomp options to use by the containers in this pod.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security_options--pod_security_context--seccomp_profile))
- `supplemental_groups` (List of String) A list of groups applied to the first process run in each container, in additionto the container's primary GID, the fsGroup (if specified), and group membershipsdefined in the container image for the uid of the container process. If unspecified,no additional groups are added to any container. Note that group membershipsdefined in the container image for the uid of the container process are still effective,even if they are not included in this list.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `sysctls` (Attributes List) Sysctls hold a list of namespaced sysctls used for the pod. Pods with unsupportedsysctls (by the container runtime) might fail to launch.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security_options--pod_security_context--sysctls))
- `windows_options` (Attributes) The Windows specific settings applied to all containers.If unspecified, the options within a container's SecurityContext will be used.If set in both SecurityContext and PodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is linux. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security_options--pod_security_context--windows_options))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--security_options--pod_security_context--se_linux_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security_options.pod_security_context.se_linux_options`

Optional:

- `level` (String) Level is SELinux level label that applies to the container.
- `role` (String) Role is a SELinux role label that applies to the container.
- `type` (String) Type is a SELinux type label that applies to the container.
- `user` (String) User is a SELinux user label that applies to the container.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--security_options--pod_security_context--seccomp_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security_options.pod_security_context.seccomp_profile`

Required:

- `type` (String) type indicates which kind of seccomp profile will be applied.Valid options are:Localhost - a profile defined in a file on the node should be used.RuntimeDefault - the container runtime default profile should be used.Unconfined - no profile should be applied.

Optional:

- `localhost_profile` (String) localhostProfile indicates a profile defined in a file on the node should be used.The profile must be preconfigured on the node to work.Must be a descending path, relative to the kubelet's configured seccomp profile location.Must be set if type is 'Localhost'. Must NOT be set for any other type.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--security_options--pod_security_context--sysctls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security_options.pod_security_context.sysctls`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of a property to set
- `value` (String) Value of a property to set


<a id="nestedatt--spec--security_options--pod_security_context--windows_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security_options.pod_security_context.windows_options`

Optional:

- `gmsa_credential_spec` (String) GMSACredentialSpec is where the GMSA admission webhook(https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/windows-gmsa) inlines the contents of theGMSA credential spec named by the GMSACredentialSpecName field.
- `gmsa_credential_spec_name` (String) GMSACredentialSpecName is the name of the GMSA credential spec to use.
- `host_process` (Boolean) HostProcess determines if a container should be run as a 'Host Process' container.All of a Pod's containers must have the same effective HostProcess value(it is not allowed to have a mix of HostProcess containers and non-HostProcess containers).In addition, if HostProcess is true then HostNetwork must also be set to true.
- `run_as_user_name` (String) The UserName in Windows to run the entrypoint of the container process.Defaults to the user specified in image metadata if unspecified.May also be set in PodSecurityContext. If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--security_options--storage_security_context"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security_options.storage_security_context`

Optional:

- `allow_privilege_escalation` (Boolean) AllowPrivilegeEscalation controls whether a process can gain moreprivileges than its parent process. This bool directly controls ifthe no_new_privs flag will be set on the container process.AllowPrivilegeEscalation is true always when the container is:1) run as Privileged2) has CAP_SYS_ADMINNote that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `capabilities` (Attributes) The capabilities to add/drop when running containers.Defaults to the default set of capabilities granted by the container runtime.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security_options--storage_security_context--capabilities))
- `privileged` (Boolean) Run container in privileged mode.Processes in privileged containers are essentially equivalent to root on the host.Defaults to false.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `proc_mount` (String) procMount denotes the type of proc mount to use for the containers.The default is DefaultProcMount which uses the container runtime defaults forreadonly paths and masked paths.This requires the ProcMountType feature flag to be enabled.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `read_only_root_filesystem` (Boolean) Whether this container has a read-only root filesystem.Default is false.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `run_as_group` (Number) The GID to run the entrypoint of the container process.Uses runtime default if unset.May also be set in PodSecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `run_as_non_root` (Boolean) Indicates that the container must run as a non-root user.If true, the Kubelet will validate the image at runtime to ensure that itdoes not run as UID 0 (root) and fail to start the container if it does.If unset or false, no such validation will be performed.May also be set in PodSecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.
- `run_as_user` (Number) The UID to run the entrypoint of the container process.Defaults to user specified in image metadata if unspecified.May also be set in PodSecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `se_linux_options` (Attributes) The SELinux context to be applied to the container.If unspecified, the container runtime will allocate a random SELinux context for eachcontainer.  May also be set in PodSecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security_options--storage_security_context--se_linux_options))
- `seccomp_profile` (Attributes) The seccomp options to use by this container. If seccomp options areprovided at both the pod & container level, the container optionsoverride the pod options.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security_options--storage_security_context--seccomp_profile))
- `windows_options` (Attributes) The Windows specific settings applied to all containers.If unspecified, the options from the PodSecurityContext will be used.If set in both SecurityContext and PodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is linux. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security_options--storage_security_context--windows_options))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--security_options--storage_security_context--capabilities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security_options.storage_security_context.capabilities`

Optional:

- `add` (List of String) Added capabilities
- `drop` (List of String) Removed capabilities


<a id="nestedatt--spec--security_options--storage_security_context--se_linux_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security_options.storage_security_context.se_linux_options`

Optional:

- `level` (String) Level is SELinux level label that applies to the container.
- `role` (String) Role is a SELinux role label that applies to the container.
- `type` (String) Type is a SELinux type label that applies to the container.
- `user` (String) User is a SELinux user label that applies to the container.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--security_options--storage_security_context--seccomp_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security_options.storage_security_context.seccomp_profile`

Required:

- `type` (String) type indicates which kind of seccomp profile will be applied.Valid options are:Localhost - a profile defined in a file on the node should be used.RuntimeDefault - the container runtime default profile should be used.Unconfined - no profile should be applied.

Optional:

- `localhost_profile` (String) localhostProfile indicates a profile defined in a file on the node should be used.The profile must be preconfigured on the node to work.Must be a descending path, relative to the kubelet's configured seccomp profile location.Must be set if type is 'Localhost'. Must NOT be set for any other type.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--security_options--storage_security_context--windows_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security_options.storage_security_context.windows_options`

Optional:

- `gmsa_credential_spec` (String) GMSACredentialSpec is where the GMSA admission webhook(https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/windows-gmsa) inlines the contents of theGMSA credential spec named by the GMSACredentialSpecName field.
- `gmsa_credential_spec_name` (String) GMSACredentialSpecName is the name of the GMSA credential spec to use.
- `host_process` (Boolean) HostProcess determines if a container should be run as a 'Host Process' container.All of a Pod's containers must have the same effective HostProcess value(it is not allowed to have a mix of HostProcess containers and non-HostProcess containers).In addition, if HostProcess is true then HostNetwork must also be set to true.
- `run_as_user_name` (String) The UserName in Windows to run the entrypoint of the container process.Defaults to the user specified in image metadata if unspecified.May also be set in PodSecurityContext. If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--service_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.service_options`

Optional:

- `core_config` (Attributes) Specification for the service responsible for the Cryostat application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--service_options--core_config))
- `reports_config` (Attributes) Specification for the service responsible for the cryostat-reports sidecars. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--service_options--reports_config))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--service_options--core_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.service_options.core_config`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations to add to the service during its creation.
- `http_port` (Number) HTTP port number for the Cryostat application service.Defaults to 8181.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to add to the service during its creation.The labels with keys 'app' and 'component' are reservedfor use by the operator.
- `service_type` (String) Type of service to create. Defaults to 'ClusterIP'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--service_options--reports_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.service_options.reports_config`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations to add to the service during its creation.
- `http_port` (Number) HTTP port number for the cryostat-reports service.Defaults to 10000.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to add to the service during its creation.The labels with keys 'app' and 'component' are reservedfor use by the operator.
- `service_type` (String) Type of service to create. Defaults to 'ClusterIP'.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage_options`

Optional:

- `empty_dir` (Attributes) Configuration for an EmptyDir to be createdby the operator instead of a PVC. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage_options--empty_dir))
- `pvc` (Attributes) Configuration for the Persistent Volume Claim to be createdby the operator. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage_options--pvc))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage_options--empty_dir"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage_options.empty_dir`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) When enabled, Cryostat will use EmptyDir volumes instead of a Persistent Volume Claim. Any PVC configurations will be ignored.
- `medium` (String) Unless specified, the emptyDir volume will be mounted onthe same storage medium backing the node. Setting this field to'Memory' will mount the emptyDir on a tmpfs (RAM-backed filesystem).
- `size_limit` (String) The maximum memory limit for the emptyDir. Default is unbounded.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage_options--pvc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage_options.pvc`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations to add to the Persistent Volume Claim during its creation.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to add to the Persistent Volume Claim during its creation.The label with key 'app' is reserved for use by the operator.
- `spec` (Attributes) Spec for a Persistent Volume Claim, whose options will override thedefaults used by the operator. Unless overriden, the PVC will becreated with the default Storage Class and 500MiB of storage.Once the operator has created the PVC, changes to this field haveno effect. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage_options--pvc--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage_options--pvc--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage_options.pvc.spec`

Optional:

- `access_modes` (List of String) accessModes contains the desired access modes the volume should have.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#access-modes-1
- `data_source` (Attributes) dataSource field can be used to specify either:* An existing VolumeSnapshot object (snapshot.storage.k8s.io/VolumeSnapshot)* An existing PVC (PersistentVolumeClaim)If the provisioner or an external controller can support the specified data source,it will create a new volume based on the contents of the specified data source.When the AnyVolumeDataSource feature gate is enabled, dataSource contents will be copied to dataSourceRef,and dataSourceRef contents will be copied to dataSource when dataSourceRef.namespace is not specified.If the namespace is specified, then dataSourceRef will not be copied to dataSource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage_options--pvc--spec--data_source))
- `data_source_ref` (Attributes) dataSourceRef specifies the object from which to populate the volume with data, if a non-emptyvolume is desired. This may be any object from a non-empty API group (noncore object) or a PersistentVolumeClaim object.When this field is specified, volume binding will only succeed if the type ofthe specified object matches some installed volume populator or dynamicprovisioner.This field will replace the functionality of the dataSource field and as suchif both fields are non-empty, they must have the same value. For backwardscompatibility, when namespace isn't specified in dataSourceRef,both fields (dataSource and dataSourceRef) will be set to the samevalue automatically if one of them is empty and the other is non-empty.When namespace is specified in dataSourceRef,dataSource isn't set to the same value and must be empty.There are three important differences between dataSource and dataSourceRef:* While dataSource only allows two specific types of objects, dataSourceRef  allows any non-core object, as well as PersistentVolumeClaim objects.* While dataSource ignores disallowed values (dropping them), dataSourceRef  preserves all values, and generates an error if a disallowed value is  specified.* While dataSource only allows local objects, dataSourceRef allows objects  in any namespaces.(Beta) Using this field requires the AnyVolumeDataSource feature gate to be enabled.(Alpha) Using the namespace field of dataSourceRef requires the CrossNamespaceVolumeDataSource feature gate to be enabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage_options--pvc--spec--data_source_ref))
- `resources` (Attributes) resources represents the minimum resources the volume should have.If RecoverVolumeExpansionFailure feature is enabled users are allowed to specify resource requirementsthat are lower than previous value but must still be higher than capacity recorded in thestatus field of the claim.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#resources (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage_options--pvc--spec--resources))
- `selector` (Attributes) selector is a label query over volumes to consider for binding. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage_options--pvc--spec--selector))
- `storage_class_name` (String) storageClassName is the name of the StorageClass required by the claim.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#class-1
- `volume_mode` (String) volumeMode defines what type of volume is required by the claim.Value of Filesystem is implied when not included in claim spec.
- `volume_name` (String) volumeName is the binding reference to the PersistentVolume backing this claim.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage_options--pvc--spec--data_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage_options.pvc.spec.data_source`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind is the type of resource being referenced
- `name` (String) Name is the name of resource being referenced

Optional:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup is the group for the resource being referenced.If APIGroup is not specified, the specified Kind must be in the core API group.For any other third-party types, APIGroup is required.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage_options--pvc--spec--data_source_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage_options.pvc.spec.data_source_ref`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind is the type of resource being referenced
- `name` (String) Name is the name of resource being referenced

Optional:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup is the group for the resource being referenced.If APIGroup is not specified, the specified Kind must be in the core API group.For any other third-party types, APIGroup is required.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of resource being referencedNote that when a namespace is specified, a gateway.networking.k8s.io/ReferenceGrant object is required in the referent namespace to allow that namespace's owner to accept the reference. See the ReferenceGrant documentation for details.(Alpha) This field requires the CrossNamespaceVolumeDataSource feature gate to be enabled.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage_options--pvc--spec--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage_options.pvc.spec.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims,that are used by this container.This is an alpha field and requires enabling theDynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage_options--pvc--spec--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required.If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified,otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage_options--pvc--spec--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage_options.pvc.spec.resources.claims`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims ofthe Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource availableinside a container.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage_options--pvc--spec--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage_options.pvc.spec.selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage_options--pvc--spec--selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage_options--pvc--spec--selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage_options.pvc.spec.selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.






<a id="nestedatt--spec--target_connection_cache_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.target_connection_cache_options`

Optional:

- `target_cache_size` (Number) The maximum number of target connections to cache. Use '-1' for an unlimited cache size (TTL expiration only). Defaults to '-1'.
- `target_cache_ttl` (Number) The time to live (in seconds) for cached target connections. Defaults to '10'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--target_discovery_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.target_discovery_options`

Optional:

- `disable_built_in_discovery` (Boolean) When true, the Cryostat application will disable the built-in discovery mechanisms. Defaults to false
- `disable_built_in_port_names` (Boolean) When false and discoveryPortNames is empty, the Cryostat application will use the default port name jfr-jmx to look for JMX connectable targets. Defaults to false.
- `disable_built_in_port_numbers` (Boolean) When false and discoveryPortNumbers is empty, the Cryostat application will use the default port number 9091 to look for JMX connectable targets. Defaults to false.
- `discovery_port_names` (List of String) List of port names that the Cryostat application should look for in order to consider a target as JMX connectable.
- `discovery_port_numbers` (List of String) List of port numbers that the Cryostat application should look for in order to consider a target as JMX connectable.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--trusted_cert_secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.trusted_cert_secrets`

Required:

- `secret_name` (String) Name of secret in the local namespace.

Optional:

- `certificate_key` (String) Key within secret containing the certificate.
