---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_operator_tigera_io_tls_terminated_route_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "operator.tigera.io"
description: |-
  
---

# k8s_operator_tigera_io_tls_terminated_route_v1_manifest (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_operator_tigera_io_tls_terminated_route_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `destination` (String) Destination is the destination URL where matching traffic is routed to.
- `path_match` (Attributes) PathMatch is used to match requests based on what's in the path. Matching requests will be proxied to the Destination defined in this structure. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--path_match))
- `target` (String)

Optional:

- `ca_bundle` (Attributes) CABundle is where we read the CA bundle from to authenticate the destination (if non-empty) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ca_bundle))
- `mtls_cert` (Attributes) ForwardingMTLSCert is the certificate used for mTLS between voltron and the destination. Either both ForwardingMTLSCert and ForwardingMTLSKey must be specified, or neither can be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mtls_cert))
- `mtls_key` (Attributes) ForwardingMTLSKey is the key used for mTLS between voltron and the destination. Either both ForwardingMTLSCert and ForwardingMTLSKey must be specified, or neither can be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mtls_key))
- `unauthenticated` (Boolean) Unauthenticated says whether the request should go through authentication. This is only applicable if the Target is UI.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--path_match"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.path_match`

Required:

- `path` (String) Path is the path portion of the URL based on which we proxy.

Optional:

- `path_regexp` (String) PathRegexp, if not nil, checks if Regexp matches the path.
- `path_replace` (String) PathReplace if not nil will be used to replace PathRegexp matches.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--ca_bundle"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ca_bundle`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key to select.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the ConfigMap or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--mtls_cert"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mtls_cert`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from. Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--mtls_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mtls_key`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from. Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined
