---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_operator_marin3r_3scale_net_discovery_service_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "operator.marin3r.3scale.net"
description: |-
  DiscoveryService represents an envoy discovery service server. Only one instance per namespace is currently supported.
---

# k8s_operator_marin3r_3scale_net_discovery_service_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

DiscoveryService represents an envoy discovery service server. Only one instance per namespace is currently supported.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_operator_marin3r_3scale_net_discovery_service_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) DiscoveryServiceSpec defines the desired state of DiscoveryService (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `debug` (Boolean) Debug enables debugging log level for the discovery service controllers. It is safe to use since secret data is never shown in the logs.
- `image` (String) Image holds the image to use for the discovery service Deployment
- `metrics_port` (Number) MetricsPort is the port where metrics are served. Defaults to 8383.
- `pki_confg` (Attributes) PKIConfig has configuration for the PKI that marin3r manages for the different certificates it requires (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pki_confg))
- `pod_priority_class` (String) PriorityClass to assign the discovery service Pod to
- `probe_port` (Number) ProbePort is the port where healthz endpoint is served. Defaults to 8384.
- `resources` (Attributes) Resources holds the Resource Requirements to use for the discovery service Deployment. When not set it defaults to no resource requests nor limits. CPU and Memory resources are supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources))
- `service_config` (Attributes) ServiceConfig configures the way the DiscoveryService endpoints are exposed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--service_config))
- `xds_server_port` (Number) XdsServerPort is the port where the xDS server listens. Defaults to 18000.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--pki_confg"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pki_confg`

Required:

- `root_certificate_authority` (Attributes) CertificateOptions specifies options to generate the server certificate used both for the xDS server and the mutating webhook server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pki_confg--root_certificate_authority))
- `server_certificate` (Attributes) CertificateOptions specifies options to generate the server certificate used both for the xDS server and the mutating webhook server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pki_confg--server_certificate))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--pki_confg--root_certificate_authority"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pki_confg.root_certificate_authority`

Required:

- `duration` (String)
- `secret_name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--pki_confg--server_certificate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pki_confg.server_certificate`

Required:

- `duration` (String)
- `secret_name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims, that are used by this container. This is an alpha field and requires enabling the DynamicResourceAllocation feature gate. This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources.claims`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims of the Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource available inside a container.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--service_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.service_config`

Optional:

- `name` (String)
- `type` (String) ServiceType is an enum with the available discovery service Service types
