---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_operator_openshift_io_cluster_csi_driver_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "operator.openshift.io"
description: |-
  ClusterCSIDriver object allows management and configuration of a CSI driver operator installed by default in OpenShift. Name of the object must be name of the CSI driver it operates. See CSIDriverName type for list of allowed values.  Compatibility level 1: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 12 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).
---

# k8s_operator_openshift_io_cluster_csi_driver_v1_manifest (Data Source)

ClusterCSIDriver object allows management and configuration of a CSI driver operator installed by default in OpenShift. Name of the object must be name of the CSI driver it operates. See CSIDriverName type for list of allowed values.  Compatibility level 1: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 12 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_operator_openshift_io_cluster_csi_driver_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) spec holds user settable values for configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `driver_config` (Attributes) driverConfig can be used to specify platform specific driver configuration. When omitted, this means no opinion and the platform is left to choose reasonable defaults. These defaults are subject to change over time. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--driver_config))
- `log_level` (String) logLevel is an intent based logging for an overall component.  It does not give fine grained control, but it is a simple way to manage coarse grained logging choices that operators have to interpret for their operands.  Valid values are: 'Normal', 'Debug', 'Trace', 'TraceAll'. Defaults to 'Normal'.
- `management_state` (String) managementState indicates whether and how the operator should manage the component
- `observed_config` (Map of String) observedConfig holds a sparse config that controller has observed from the cluster state.  It exists in spec because it is an input to the level for the operator
- `operator_log_level` (String) operatorLogLevel is an intent based logging for the operator itself.  It does not give fine grained control, but it is a simple way to manage coarse grained logging choices that operators have to interpret for themselves.  Valid values are: 'Normal', 'Debug', 'Trace', 'TraceAll'. Defaults to 'Normal'.
- `storage_class_state` (String) StorageClassState determines if CSI operator should create and manage storage classes. If this field value is empty or Managed - CSI operator will continuously reconcile storage class and create if necessary. If this field value is Unmanaged - CSI operator will not reconcile any previously created storage class. If this field value is Removed - CSI operator will delete the storage class it created previously. When omitted, this means the user has no opinion and the platform chooses a reasonable default, which is subject to change over time. The current default behaviour is Managed.
- `unsupported_config_overrides` (Map of String) unsupportedConfigOverrides overrides the final configuration that was computed by the operator. Red Hat does not support the use of this field. Misuse of this field could lead to unexpected behavior or conflict with other configuration options. Seek guidance from the Red Hat support before using this field. Use of this property blocks cluster upgrades, it must be removed before upgrading your cluster.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--driver_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.driver_config`

Required:

- `driver_type` (String) driverType indicates type of CSI driver for which the driverConfig is being applied to. Valid values are: AWS, Azure, GCP, IBMCloud, vSphere and omitted. Consumers should treat unknown values as a NO-OP.

Optional:

- `aws` (Attributes) aws is used to configure the AWS CSI driver. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--driver_config--aws))
- `azure` (Attributes) azure is used to configure the Azure CSI driver. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--driver_config--azure))
- `gcp` (Attributes) gcp is used to configure the GCP CSI driver. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--driver_config--gcp))
- `ibmcloud` (Attributes) ibmcloud is used to configure the IBM Cloud CSI driver. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--driver_config--ibmcloud))
- `v_sphere` (Attributes) vsphere is used to configure the vsphere CSI driver. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--driver_config--v_sphere))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--driver_config--aws"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.driver_config.aws`

Optional:

- `kms_key_arn` (String) kmsKeyARN sets the cluster default storage class to encrypt volumes with a user-defined KMS key, rather than the default KMS key used by AWS. The value may be either the ARN or Alias ARN of a KMS key.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--driver_config--azure"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.driver_config.azure`

Optional:

- `disk_encryption_set` (Attributes) diskEncryptionSet sets the cluster default storage class to encrypt volumes with a customer-managed encryption set, rather than the default platform-managed keys. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--driver_config--azure--disk_encryption_set))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--driver_config--azure--disk_encryption_set"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.driver_config.azure.disk_encryption_set`

Required:

- `name` (String) name is the name of the disk encryption set that will be set on the default storage class. The value should consist of only alphanumberic characters, underscores (_), hyphens, and be at most 80 characters in length.
- `resource_group` (String) resourceGroup defines the Azure resource group that contains the disk encryption set. The value should consist of only alphanumberic characters, underscores (_), parentheses, hyphens and periods. The value should not end in a period and be at most 90 characters in length.
- `subscription_id` (String) subscriptionID defines the Azure subscription that contains the disk encryption set. The value should meet the following conditions: 1. It should be a 128-bit number. 2. It should be 36 characters (32 hexadecimal characters and 4 hyphens) long. 3. It should be displayed in five groups separated by hyphens (-). 4. The first group should be 8 characters long. 5. The second, third, and fourth groups should be 4 characters long. 6. The fifth group should be 12 characters long. An Example SubscrionID: f2007bbf-f802-4a47-9336-cf7c6b89b378



<a id="nestedatt--spec--driver_config--gcp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.driver_config.gcp`

Optional:

- `kms_key` (Attributes) kmsKey sets the cluster default storage class to encrypt volumes with customer-supplied encryption keys, rather than the default keys managed by GCP. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--driver_config--gcp--kms_key))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--driver_config--gcp--kms_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.driver_config.gcp.kms_key`

Required:

- `key_ring` (String) keyRing is the name of the KMS Key Ring which the KMS Key belongs to. The value should correspond to an existing KMS key ring and should consist of only alphanumeric characters, hyphens (-) and underscores (_), and be at most 63 characters in length.
- `name` (String) name is the name of the customer-managed encryption key to be used for disk encryption. The value should correspond to an existing KMS key and should consist of only alphanumeric characters, hyphens (-) and underscores (_), and be at most 63 characters in length.
- `project_id` (String) projectID is the ID of the Project in which the KMS Key Ring exists. It must be 6 to 30 lowercase letters, digits, or hyphens. It must start with a letter. Trailing hyphens are prohibited.

Optional:

- `location` (String) location is the GCP location in which the Key Ring exists. The value must match an existing GCP location, or 'global'. Defaults to global, if not set.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--driver_config--ibmcloud"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.driver_config.ibmcloud`

Required:

- `encryption_key_crn` (String) encryptionKeyCRN is the IBM Cloud CRN of the customer-managed root key to use for disk encryption of volumes for the default storage classes.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--driver_config--v_sphere"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.driver_config.v_sphere`

Optional:

- `topology_categories` (List of String) topologyCategories indicates tag categories with which vcenter resources such as hostcluster or datacenter were tagged with. If cluster Infrastructure object has a topology, values specified in Infrastructure object will be used and modifications to topologyCategories will be rejected.
