---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_operator_victoriametrics_com_vm_alertmanager_v1beta1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "operator.victoriametrics.com"
description: |-
  VMAlertmanager represents Victoria-Metrics deployment for Alertmanager.
---

# k8s_operator_victoriametrics_com_vm_alertmanager_v1beta1_manifest (Data Source)

VMAlertmanager represents Victoria-Metrics deployment for Alertmanager.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_operator_victoriametrics_com_vm_alertmanager_v1beta1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
  spec = {}
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) Specification of the desired behavior of the VMAlertmanager cluster. More info:https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#spec-and-status (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `additional_peers` (List of String) AdditionalPeers allows injecting a set of additional Alertmanagers to peer with to form a highly available cluster.
- `affinity` (Map of String) Affinity If specified, the pod's scheduling constraints.
- `claim_templates` (Attributes List) ClaimTemplates allows adding additional VolumeClaimTemplates for StatefulSet (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--claim_templates))
- `cluster_advertise_address` (String) ClusterAdvertiseAddress is the explicit address to advertise in cluster.Needs to be provided for non RFC1918 [1] (public) addresses.[1] RFC1918: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc1918
- `config_maps` (List of String) ConfigMaps is a list of ConfigMaps in the same namespace as the VMAlertmanagerobject, which shall be mounted into the VMAlertmanager Pods.The ConfigMaps are mounted into /etc/vm/configs/<configmap-name>.
- `config_namespace_selector` (Attributes) ConfigNamespaceSelector defines namespace selector for VMAlertmanagerConfig.Works in combination with Selector.NamespaceSelector nil - only objects at VMAlertmanager namespace.Selector nil - only objects at NamespaceSelector namespaces.If both nil - behaviour controlled by selectAllByDefault (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--config_namespace_selector))
- `config_raw_yaml` (String) ConfigRawYaml - raw configuration for alertmanager,it helps it to start without secret.priority -> hardcoded ConfigRaw -> ConfigRaw, provided by user -> ConfigSecret.
- `config_reloader_extra_args` (Map of String) ConfigReloaderExtraArgs that will be passed to  VMAuths config-reloader containerfor example resyncInterval: '30s'
- `config_secret` (String) ConfigSecret is the name of a Kubernetes Secret in the same namespace as theVMAlertmanager object, which contains configuration for this VMAlertmanager,configuration must be inside secret key: alertmanager.yaml.It must be created by user.instance. Defaults to 'vmalertmanager-<alertmanager-name>'The secret is mounted into /etc/alertmanager/config.
- `config_selector` (Attributes) ConfigSelector defines selector for VMAlertmanagerConfig, result config will be merged with with Raw or Secret config.Works in combination with NamespaceSelector.NamespaceSelector nil - only objects at VMAlertmanager namespace.Selector nil - only objects at NamespaceSelector namespaces.If both nil - behaviour controlled by selectAllByDefault (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--config_selector))
- `containers` (List of Map of String) Containers allows injecting additional containers or patching existing containers.This is meant to allow adding an authentication proxy to an VMAlertmanager pod.
- `disable_namespace_matcher` (Boolean) DisableNamespaceMatcher disables namespace label matcher for VMAlertmanagerConfigIt may be useful if alert doesn't have namespace label for some reason
- `disable_route_continue_enforce` (Boolean) DisableRouteContinueEnforce cancel the behavior for VMAlertmanagerConfig that always enforce first-level route continue to true
- `dns_config` (Attributes) Specifies the DNS parameters of a pod.Parameters specified here will be merged to the generated DNSconfiguration based on DNSPolicy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--dns_config))
- `dns_policy` (String) DNSPolicy sets DNS policy for the pod
- `external_url` (String) ExternalURL the VMAlertmanager instances will be available under. This isnecessary to generate correct URLs. This is necessary if VMAlertmanager is notserved from root of a DNS name.
- `extra_args` (Map of String) ExtraArgs that will be passed to  VMAlertmanager podfor example log.level: debug
- `extra_envs` (List of Map of String) ExtraEnvs that will be added to VMAlertmanager pod
- `host_network` (Boolean) HostNetwork controls whether the pod may use the node network namespace
- `image` (Attributes) Image - docker image settings for VMAlertmanagerif no specified operator uses default config version (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--image))
- `image_pull_secrets` (Attributes List) ImagePullSecrets An optional list of references to secrets in the same namespaceto use for pulling images from registriessee https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images/#referring-to-an-imagepullsecrets-on-a-pod (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--image_pull_secrets))
- `init_containers` (List of Map of String) InitContainers allows adding initContainers to the pod definition. Those can be used to e.g.fetch secrets for injection into the VMAlertmanager configuration from external sources. Anyerrors during the execution of an initContainer will lead to a restart of the Pod. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/init-containers/Using initContainers for any use case other then secret fetching is entirely outside the scopeof what the maintainers will support and by doing so, you accept that this behaviour may breakat any time without notice.
- `listen_local` (Boolean) ListenLocal makes the VMAlertmanager server listen on loopback, so that itdoes not bind against the Pod IP. Note this is only for the VMAlertmanagerUI, not the gossip communication.
- `liveness_probe` (Map of String) LivenessProbe that will be added CRD pod
- `log_format` (String) LogFormat for VMAlertmanager to be configured with.
- `log_level` (String) Log level for VMAlertmanager to be configured with.
- `min_ready_seconds` (Number) MinReadySeconds defines a minim number os seconds to wait before starting update next podif previous in healthy state
- `node_selector` (Map of String) NodeSelector Define which Nodes the Pods are scheduled on.
- `paused` (Boolean) Paused If set to true all actions on the underlaying managed objects are notgoint to be performed, except for delete actions.
- `pod_disruption_budget` (Attributes) PodDisruptionBudget created by operator (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_disruption_budget))
- `pod_metadata` (Attributes) PodMetadata configures Labels and Annotations which are propagated to the alertmanager pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_metadata))
- `port_name` (String) PortName used for the pods and governing service.This defaults to web
- `priority_class_name` (String) PriorityClassName class assigned to the Pods
- `readiness_gates` (Attributes List) ReadinessGates defines pod readiness gates (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--readiness_gates))
- `readiness_probe` (Map of String) ReadinessProbe that will be added CRD pod
- `replica_count` (Number) ReplicaCount Size is the expected size of the alertmanager cluster. The controller willeventually make the size of the running cluster equal to the expected
- `resources` (Attributes) Resources container resource request and limits,https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/ (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources))
- `retention` (String) Retention Time duration VMAlertmanager shall retain data for. Default is '120h',and must match the regular expression '[0-9]+(ms|s|m|h)' (milliseconds seconds minutes hours).
- `revision_history_limit_count` (Number) The number of old ReplicaSets to retain to allow rollback in deployment ormaximum number of revisions that will be maintained in the StatefulSet's revision history.Defaults to 10.
- `rolling_update_strategy` (String) RollingUpdateStrategy defines strategy for application updatesDefault is OnDelete, in this case operator handles update processCan be changed for RollingUpdate
- `route_prefix` (String) RoutePrefix VMAlertmanager registers HTTP handlers for. This is useful,if using ExternalURL and a proxy is rewriting HTTP routes of a request,and the actual ExternalURL is still true, but the server serves requestsunder a different route prefix. For example for use with 'kubectl proxy'.
- `runtime_class_name` (String) RuntimeClassName - defines runtime class for kubernetes pod.https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/runtime-class/
- `scheduler_name` (String) SchedulerName - defines kubernetes scheduler name
- `secrets` (List of String) Secrets is a list of Secrets in the same namespace as the VMAlertmanagerobject, which shall be mounted into the VMAlertmanager Pods.The Secrets are mounted into /etc/vm/secrets/<secret-name>
- `security_context` (Map of String) SecurityContext holds pod-level security attributes and common container settings.This defaults to the default PodSecurityContext.
- `select_all_by_default` (Boolean) SelectAllByDefault changes default behavior for empty CRD selectors, such ConfigSelector.with selectAllByDefault: true and undefined ConfigSelector and ConfigNamespaceSelectorOperator selects all exist alertManagerConfigswith selectAllByDefault: false - selects nothing
- `service_account_name` (String) ServiceAccountName is the name of the ServiceAccount to use
- `service_scrape_spec` (Map of String) ServiceScrapeSpec that will be added to vmalertmanager VMServiceScrape spec
- `service_spec` (Attributes) ServiceSpec that will be added to vmalertmanager service spec (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--service_spec))
- `startup_probe` (Map of String) StartupProbe that will be added to CRD pod
- `storage` (Attributes) Storage is the definition of how storage will be used by the VMAlertmanagerinstances. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage))
- `templates` (Attributes List) Templates is a list of ConfigMap key references for ConfigMaps in the same namespace as the VMAlertmanagerobject, which shall be mounted into the VMAlertmanager Pods.The Templates are mounted into /etc/vm/templates/<configmap-name>/<configmap-key>. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--templates))
- `termination_grace_period_seconds` (Number) TerminationGracePeriodSeconds period for container graceful termination
- `tolerations` (Attributes List) Tolerations If specified, the pod's tolerations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tolerations))
- `topology_spread_constraints` (List of Map of String) TopologySpreadConstraints embedded kubernetes pod configuration option,controls how pods are spread across your cluster among failure-domainssuch as regions, zones, nodes, and other user-defined topology domainshttps://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-topology-spread-constraints/
- `use_strict_security` (Boolean) UseStrictSecurity enables strict security mode for componentit restricts disk writes accessuses non-root user out of the boxdrops not needed security permissions
- `volume_mounts` (Attributes List) VolumeMounts allows configuration of additional VolumeMounts on the output StatefulSet definition.VolumeMounts specified will be appended to other VolumeMounts in the alertmanager container,that are generated as a result of StorageSpec objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume_mounts))
- `volumes` (List of Map of String) Volumes allows configuration of additional volumes on the output StatefulSet definition.Volumes specified will be appended to other volumes that are generated as a result ofStorageSpec objects.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--claim_templates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.claim_templates`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object.Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, andmay reject unrecognized values.More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents.Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to.Cannot be updated.In CamelCase.More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `metadata` (Map of String) Standard object's metadata.More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata
- `spec` (Attributes) spec defines the desired characteristics of a volume requested by a pod author.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#persistentvolumeclaims (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--claim_templates--spec))
- `status` (Attributes) status represents the current information/status of a persistent volume claim.Read-only.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#persistentvolumeclaims (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--claim_templates--status))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--claim_templates--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.claim_templates.spec`

Optional:

- `access_modes` (List of String) accessModes contains the desired access modes the volume should have.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#access-modes-1
- `data_source` (Attributes) dataSource field can be used to specify either:* An existing VolumeSnapshot object (snapshot.storage.k8s.io/VolumeSnapshot)* An existing PVC (PersistentVolumeClaim)If the provisioner or an external controller can support the specified data source,it will create a new volume based on the contents of the specified data source.When the AnyVolumeDataSource feature gate is enabled, dataSource contents will be copied to dataSourceRef,and dataSourceRef contents will be copied to dataSource when dataSourceRef.namespace is not specified.If the namespace is specified, then dataSourceRef will not be copied to dataSource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--claim_templates--spec--data_source))
- `data_source_ref` (Attributes) dataSourceRef specifies the object from which to populate the volume with data, if a non-emptyvolume is desired. This may be any object from a non-empty API group (noncore object) or a PersistentVolumeClaim object.When this field is specified, volume binding will only succeed if the type ofthe specified object matches some installed volume populator or dynamicprovisioner.This field will replace the functionality of the dataSource field and as suchif both fields are non-empty, they must have the same value. For backwardscompatibility, when namespace isn't specified in dataSourceRef,both fields (dataSource and dataSourceRef) will be set to the samevalue automatically if one of them is empty and the other is non-empty.When namespace is specified in dataSourceRef,dataSource isn't set to the same value and must be empty.There are three important differences between dataSource and dataSourceRef:* While dataSource only allows two specific types of objects, dataSourceRef  allows any non-core object, as well as PersistentVolumeClaim objects.* While dataSource ignores disallowed values (dropping them), dataSourceRef  preserves all values, and generates an error if a disallowed value is  specified.* While dataSource only allows local objects, dataSourceRef allows objects  in any namespaces.(Beta) Using this field requires the AnyVolumeDataSource feature gate to be enabled.(Alpha) Using the namespace field of dataSourceRef requires the CrossNamespaceVolumeDataSource feature gate to be enabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--claim_templates--spec--data_source_ref))
- `resources` (Attributes) resources represents the minimum resources the volume should have.If RecoverVolumeExpansionFailure feature is enabled users are allowed to specify resource requirementsthat are lower than previous value but must still be higher than capacity recorded in thestatus field of the claim.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#resources (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--claim_templates--spec--resources))
- `selector` (Attributes) selector is a label query over volumes to consider for binding. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--claim_templates--spec--selector))
- `storage_class_name` (String) storageClassName is the name of the StorageClass required by the claim.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#class-1
- `volume_mode` (String) volumeMode defines what type of volume is required by the claim.Value of Filesystem is implied when not included in claim spec.
- `volume_name` (String) volumeName is the binding reference to the PersistentVolume backing this claim.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--claim_templates--spec--data_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.claim_templates.spec.data_source`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind is the type of resource being referenced
- `name` (String) Name is the name of resource being referenced

Optional:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup is the group for the resource being referenced.If APIGroup is not specified, the specified Kind must be in the core API group.For any other third-party types, APIGroup is required.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--claim_templates--spec--data_source_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.claim_templates.spec.data_source_ref`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind is the type of resource being referenced
- `name` (String) Name is the name of resource being referenced

Optional:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup is the group for the resource being referenced.If APIGroup is not specified, the specified Kind must be in the core API group.For any other third-party types, APIGroup is required.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of resource being referencedNote that when a namespace is specified, a gateway.networking.k8s.io/ReferenceGrant object is required in the referent namespace to allow that namespace's owner to accept the reference. See the ReferenceGrant documentation for details.(Alpha) This field requires the CrossNamespaceVolumeDataSource feature gate to be enabled.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--claim_templates--spec--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.claim_templates.spec.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims,that are used by this container.This is an alpha field and requires enabling theDynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--claim_templates--spec--volume_name--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required.If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified,otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--claim_templates--spec--volume_name--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.claim_templates.spec.volume_name.claims`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims ofthe Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource availableinside a container.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--claim_templates--spec--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.claim_templates.spec.selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--claim_templates--spec--volume_name--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--claim_templates--spec--volume_name--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.claim_templates.spec.volume_name.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--claim_templates--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.claim_templates.status`

Optional:

- `access_modes` (List of String) accessModes contains the actual access modes the volume backing the PVC has.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#access-modes-1
- `allocated_resources` (Map of String) allocatedResources is the storage resource within AllocatedResources tracks the capacity allocated to a PVC. It maybe larger than the actual capacity when a volume expansion operation is requested.For storage quota, the larger value from allocatedResources and PVC.spec.resources is used.If allocatedResources is not set, PVC.spec.resources alone is used for quota calculation.If a volume expansion capacity request is lowered, allocatedResources is onlylowered if there are no expansion operations in progress and if the actual volume capacityis equal or lower than the requested capacity.This is an alpha field and requires enabling RecoverVolumeExpansionFailure feature.
- `capacity` (Map of String) capacity represents the actual resources of the underlying volume.
- `conditions` (Attributes List) conditions is the current Condition of persistent volume claim. If underlying persistent volume is beingresized then the Condition will be set to 'ResizeStarted'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--claim_templates--status--conditions))
- `phase` (String) phase represents the current phase of PersistentVolumeClaim.
- `resize_status` (String) resizeStatus stores status of resize operation.ResizeStatus is not set by default but when expansion is complete resizeStatus is set to emptystring by resize controller or kubelet.This is an alpha field and requires enabling RecoverVolumeExpansionFailure feature.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--claim_templates--status--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.claim_templates.status.conditions`

Required:

- `status` (String)
- `type` (String) PersistentVolumeClaimConditionType is a valid value of PersistentVolumeClaimCondition.Type

Optional:

- `last_probe_time` (String) lastProbeTime is the time we probed the condition.
- `last_transition_time` (String) lastTransitionTime is the time the condition transitioned from one status to another.
- `message` (String) message is the human-readable message indicating details about last transition.
- `reason` (String) reason is a unique, this should be a short, machine understandable string that gives the reasonfor condition's last transition. If it reports 'ResizeStarted' that means the underlyingpersistent volume is being resized.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--config_namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config_namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--config_namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--config_namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config_namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--config_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--config_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--config_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--dns_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.dns_config`

Optional:

- `nameservers` (List of String) A list of DNS name server IP addresses.This will be appended to the base nameservers generated from DNSPolicy.Duplicated nameservers will be removed.
- `options` (Attributes List) A list of DNS resolver options.This will be merged with the base options generated from DNSPolicy.Duplicated entries will be removed. Resolution options given in Optionswill override those that appear in the base DNSPolicy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--dns_config--options))
- `searches` (List of String) A list of DNS search domains for host-name lookup.This will be appended to the base search paths generated from DNSPolicy.Duplicated search paths will be removed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--dns_config--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.dns_config.options`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Required.
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--image"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.image`

Optional:

- `pull_policy` (String) PullPolicy describes how to pull docker image
- `repository` (String) Repository contains name of docker image + it's repository if needed
- `tag` (String) Tag contains desired docker image version


<a id="nestedatt--spec--image_pull_secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.image_pull_secrets`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?


<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_disruption_budget"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_disruption_budget`

Optional:

- `max_unavailable` (String) An eviction is allowed if at most 'maxUnavailable' pods selected by'selector' are unavailable after the eviction, i.e. even in absence ofthe evicted pod. For example, one can prevent all voluntary evictionsby specifying 0. This is a mutually exclusive setting with 'minAvailable'.
- `min_available` (String) An eviction is allowed if at least 'minAvailable' pods selected by'selector' will still be available after the eviction, i.e. even in theabsence of the evicted pod.  So for example you can prevent all voluntaryevictions by specifying '100%'.
- `selector_labels` (Map of String) replaces default labels selector generated by operatorit's useful when you need to create custom budget


<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may beset by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata. They are notqueryable and should be preserved when modifying objects.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize(scope and select) objects. May match selectors of replication controllersand services.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels
- `name` (String) Name must be unique within a namespace. Is required when creating resources, althoughsome resources may allow a client to request the generation of an appropriate nameautomatically. Name is primarily intended for creation idempotence and configurationdefinition.Cannot be updated.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names#names


<a id="nestedatt--spec--readiness_gates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.readiness_gates`

Required:

- `condition_type` (String) ConditionType refers to a condition in the pod's condition list with matching type.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims,that are used by this container.This is an alpha field and requires enabling theDynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required.If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified,otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources.claims`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims ofthe Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource availableinside a container.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--service_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.service_spec`

Required:

- `spec` (Map of String) ServiceSpec describes the attributes that a user creates on a service.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/

Optional:

- `metadata` (Attributes) EmbeddedObjectMetadata defines objectMeta for additional service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--service_spec--metadata))
- `use_as_default` (Boolean) UseAsDefault applies changes from given service definition to the main object ServiceChanging from headless service to clusterIP or loadbalancer may break cross-component communication

<a id="nestedatt--spec--service_spec--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.service_spec.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may beset by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata. They are notqueryable and should be preserved when modifying objects.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize(scope and select) objects. May match selectors of replication controllersand services.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels
- `name` (String) Name must be unique within a namespace. Is required when creating resources, althoughsome resources may allow a client to request the generation of an appropriate nameautomatically. Name is primarily intended for creation idempotence and configurationdefinition.Cannot be updated.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names#names



<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage`

Optional:

- `disable_mount_sub_path` (Boolean) Deprecated: subPath usage will be disabled by default in a future release, this option will become unnecessary.DisableMountSubPath allows to remove any subPath usage in volume mounts.
- `empty_dir` (Attributes) EmptyDirVolumeSource to be used by the Prometheus StatefulSets. If specified, used in place of any volumeClaimTemplate. Moreinfo: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/#emptydir (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--empty_dir))
- `volume_claim_template` (Attributes) A PVC spec to be used by the VMAlertManager StatefulSets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--volume_claim_template))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--empty_dir"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.empty_dir`

Optional:

- `medium` (String) medium represents what type of storage medium should back this directory.The default is '' which means to use the node's default medium.Must be an empty string (default) or Memory.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#emptydir
- `size_limit` (String) sizeLimit is the total amount of local storage required for this EmptyDir volume.The size limit is also applicable for memory medium.The maximum usage on memory medium EmptyDir would be the minimum value betweenthe SizeLimit specified here and the sum of memory limits of all containers in a pod.The default is nil which means that the limit is undefined.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#emptydir


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--volume_claim_template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.volume_claim_template`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object.Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, andmay reject unrecognized values.More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents.Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to.Cannot be updated.In CamelCase.More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `metadata` (Attributes) EmbeddedMetadata contains metadata relevant to an EmbeddedResource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--volume_claim_template--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) Spec defines the desired characteristics of a volume requested by a pod author.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#persistentvolumeclaims (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--volume_claim_template--spec))
- `status` (Attributes) Status represents the current information/status of a persistent volume claim.Read-only.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#persistentvolumeclaims (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--volume_claim_template--status))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--volume_claim_template--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.volume_claim_template.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may beset by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata. They are notqueryable and should be preserved when modifying objects.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize(scope and select) objects. May match selectors of replication controllersand services.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels
- `name` (String) Name must be unique within a namespace. Is required when creating resources, althoughsome resources may allow a client to request the generation of an appropriate nameautomatically. Name is primarily intended for creation idempotence and configurationdefinition.Cannot be updated.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names#names


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--volume_claim_template--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.volume_claim_template.spec`

Optional:

- `access_modes` (List of String) accessModes contains the desired access modes the volume should have.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#access-modes-1
- `data_source` (Attributes) dataSource field can be used to specify either:* An existing VolumeSnapshot object (snapshot.storage.k8s.io/VolumeSnapshot)* An existing PVC (PersistentVolumeClaim)If the provisioner or an external controller can support the specified data source,it will create a new volume based on the contents of the specified data source.When the AnyVolumeDataSource feature gate is enabled, dataSource contents will be copied to dataSourceRef,and dataSourceRef contents will be copied to dataSource when dataSourceRef.namespace is not specified.If the namespace is specified, then dataSourceRef will not be copied to dataSource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--volume_claim_template--status--data_source))
- `data_source_ref` (Attributes) dataSourceRef specifies the object from which to populate the volume with data, if a non-emptyvolume is desired. This may be any object from a non-empty API group (noncore object) or a PersistentVolumeClaim object.When this field is specified, volume binding will only succeed if the type ofthe specified object matches some installed volume populator or dynamicprovisioner.This field will replace the functionality of the dataSource field and as suchif both fields are non-empty, they must have the same value. For backwardscompatibility, when namespace isn't specified in dataSourceRef,both fields (dataSource and dataSourceRef) will be set to the samevalue automatically if one of them is empty and the other is non-empty.When namespace is specified in dataSourceRef,dataSource isn't set to the same value and must be empty.There are three important differences between dataSource and dataSourceRef:* While dataSource only allows two specific types of objects, dataSourceRef  allows any non-core object, as well as PersistentVolumeClaim objects.* While dataSource ignores disallowed values (dropping them), dataSourceRef  preserves all values, and generates an error if a disallowed value is  specified.* While dataSource only allows local objects, dataSourceRef allows objects  in any namespaces.(Beta) Using this field requires the AnyVolumeDataSource feature gate to be enabled.(Alpha) Using the namespace field of dataSourceRef requires the CrossNamespaceVolumeDataSource feature gate to be enabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--volume_claim_template--status--data_source_ref))
- `resources` (Attributes) resources represents the minimum resources the volume should have.If RecoverVolumeExpansionFailure feature is enabled users are allowed to specify resource requirementsthat are lower than previous value but must still be higher than capacity recorded in thestatus field of the claim.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#resources (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--volume_claim_template--status--resources))
- `selector` (Attributes) selector is a label query over volumes to consider for binding. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--volume_claim_template--status--selector))
- `storage_class_name` (String) storageClassName is the name of the StorageClass required by the claim.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#class-1
- `volume_mode` (String) volumeMode defines what type of volume is required by the claim.Value of Filesystem is implied when not included in claim spec.
- `volume_name` (String) volumeName is the binding reference to the PersistentVolume backing this claim.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--volume_claim_template--status--data_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.volume_claim_template.status.data_source`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind is the type of resource being referenced
- `name` (String) Name is the name of resource being referenced

Optional:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup is the group for the resource being referenced.If APIGroup is not specified, the specified Kind must be in the core API group.For any other third-party types, APIGroup is required.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--volume_claim_template--status--data_source_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.volume_claim_template.status.data_source_ref`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind is the type of resource being referenced
- `name` (String) Name is the name of resource being referenced

Optional:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup is the group for the resource being referenced.If APIGroup is not specified, the specified Kind must be in the core API group.For any other third-party types, APIGroup is required.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of resource being referencedNote that when a namespace is specified, a gateway.networking.k8s.io/ReferenceGrant object is required in the referent namespace to allow that namespace's owner to accept the reference. See the ReferenceGrant documentation for details.(Alpha) This field requires the CrossNamespaceVolumeDataSource feature gate to be enabled.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--volume_claim_template--status--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.volume_claim_template.status.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims,that are used by this container.This is an alpha field and requires enabling theDynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--volume_claim_template--status--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required.If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified,otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--volume_claim_template--status--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.volume_claim_template.status.resources.claims`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims ofthe Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource availableinside a container.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--volume_claim_template--status--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.volume_claim_template.status.selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--volume_claim_template--status--selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--volume_claim_template--status--selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.volume_claim_template.status.selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--volume_claim_template--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.volume_claim_template.status`

Optional:

- `access_modes` (List of String) accessModes contains the actual access modes the volume backing the PVC has.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#access-modes-1
- `allocated_resources` (Map of String) allocatedResources is the storage resource within AllocatedResources tracks the capacity allocated to a PVC. It maybe larger than the actual capacity when a volume expansion operation is requested.For storage quota, the larger value from allocatedResources and PVC.spec.resources is used.If allocatedResources is not set, PVC.spec.resources alone is used for quota calculation.If a volume expansion capacity request is lowered, allocatedResources is onlylowered if there are no expansion operations in progress and if the actual volume capacityis equal or lower than the requested capacity.This is an alpha field and requires enabling RecoverVolumeExpansionFailure feature.
- `capacity` (Map of String) capacity represents the actual resources of the underlying volume.
- `conditions` (Attributes List) conditions is the current Condition of persistent volume claim. If underlying persistent volume is beingresized then the Condition will be set to 'ResizeStarted'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--volume_claim_template--status--conditions))
- `phase` (String) phase represents the current phase of PersistentVolumeClaim.
- `resize_status` (String) resizeStatus stores status of resize operation.ResizeStatus is not set by default but when expansion is complete resizeStatus is set to emptystring by resize controller or kubelet.This is an alpha field and requires enabling RecoverVolumeExpansionFailure feature.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--volume_claim_template--status--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.volume_claim_template.status.conditions`

Required:

- `status` (String)
- `type` (String) PersistentVolumeClaimConditionType is a valid value of PersistentVolumeClaimCondition.Type

Optional:

- `last_probe_time` (String) lastProbeTime is the time we probed the condition.
- `last_transition_time` (String) lastTransitionTime is the time the condition transitioned from one status to another.
- `message` (String) message is the human-readable message indicating details about last transition.
- `reason` (String) reason is a unique, this should be a short, machine understandable string that gives the reasonfor condition's last transition. If it reports 'ResizeStarted' that means the underlyingpersistent volume is being resized.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--templates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.templates`

Required:

- `key` (String) The ConfigMap key to refer to.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tolerations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tolerations`

Optional:

- `effect` (String) Effect indicates the taint effect to match. Empty means match all taint effects.When specified, allowed values are NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Key is the taint key that the toleration applies to. Empty means match all taint keys.If the key is empty, operator must be Exists; this combination means to match all values and all keys.
- `operator` (String) Operator represents a key's relationship to the value.Valid operators are Exists and Equal. Defaults to Equal.Exists is equivalent to wildcard for value, so that a pod cantolerate all taints of a particular category.
- `toleration_seconds` (Number) TolerationSeconds represents the period of time the toleration (which must beof effect NoExecute, otherwise this field is ignored) tolerates the taint. By default,it is not set, which means tolerate the taint forever (do not evict). Zero andnegative values will be treated as 0 (evict immediately) by the system.
- `value` (String) Value is the taint value the toleration matches to.If the operator is Exists, the value should be empty, otherwise just a regular string.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume_mounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume_mounts`

Required:

- `mount_path` (String) Path within the container at which the volume should be mounted.  Mustnot contain ':'.
- `name` (String) This must match the Name of a Volume.

Optional:

- `mount_propagation` (String) mountPropagation determines how mounts are propagated from the hostto container and the other way around.When not set, MountPropagationNone is used.This field is beta in 1.10.
- `read_only` (Boolean) Mounted read-only if true, read-write otherwise (false or unspecified).Defaults to false.
- `sub_path` (String) Path within the volume from which the container's volume should be mounted.Defaults to '' (volume's root).
- `sub_path_expr` (String) Expanded path within the volume from which the container's volume should be mounted.Behaves similarly to SubPath but environment variable references $(VAR_NAME) are expanded using the container's environment.Defaults to '' (volume's root).SubPathExpr and SubPath are mutually exclusive.
