---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_operator_tigera_io_amazon_cloud_integration_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "operator.tigera.io"
description: |-
  AmazonCloudIntegration is the Schema for the amazoncloudintegrations API
---

# k8s_operator_tigera_io_amazon_cloud_integration_v1_manifest (Data Source)

AmazonCloudIntegration is the Schema for the amazoncloudintegrations API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_operator_tigera_io_amazon_cloud_integration_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) AmazonCloudIntegrationSpec defines the desired state of AmazonCloudIntegration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `aws_region` (String) AWSRegion is the region in which your cluster is located.
- `default_pod_metadata_access` (String) DefaultPodMetadataAccess defines what the default behavior will be for accessing the AWS metadata service from a pod. Default: Denied
- `enforced_security_group_id` (String) EnforcedSecurityGroupID is the ID of the Security Group which will be applied to all ENIs that are on a host that is also part of the Kubernetes cluster.
- `node_security_group_i_ds` (List of String) NodeSecurityGroupIDs is a list of Security Group IDs that all nodes and masters will be in.
- `pod_security_group_id` (String) PodSecurityGroupID is the ID of the Security Group which all pods should be placed in by default.
- `sqs_url` (String) SQSURL is the SQS URL needed to access the Simple Queue Service.
- `trust_enforced_security_group_id` (String) TrustEnforcedSecurityGroupID is the ID of the Security Group which will be applied to all ENIs in the VPC.
- `vpcs` (List of String) VPCS is a list of VPC IDs to monitor for ENIs and Security Groups, only one is supported.
