---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_oracle_db_anthosapis_com_config_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "oracle.db.anthosapis.com"
description: |-
  Config is the Schema for the configs API.
---

# k8s_oracle_db_anthosapis_com_config_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

Config is the Schema for the configs API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_oracle_db_anthosapis_com_config_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) ConfigSpec defines the desired state of Config. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `disks` (Attributes List) Disks slice describes at minimum two disks: data and log (archive log), and optionally a backup disk. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--disks))
- `host_anti_affinity_namespaces` (List of String) HostAntiAffinityNamespaces is an optional list of namespaces that need to be included in anti-affinity by hostname rule. The effect of the rule is forbidding scheduling a database pod in the current namespace on a host that already runs a database pod in any of the listed namespaces.
- `images` (Map of String) Service agent and other data plane agent images. This is an optional map that allows a customer to specify agent images different from those chosen/provided by the operator by default.
- `log_level` (Map of String) Log Levels for the various components. This is an optional map for component -> log level
- `platform` (String) Deployment platform. Presently supported values are: GCP (default), BareMetal, Minikube and Kind.
- `storage_class` (String) Storage class to use for dynamic provisioning. This value varies depending on a platform. For GCP (the default), it is 'standard-rwo'.
- `volume_snapshot_class` (String) Volume Snapshot class to use for storage snapshots. This value varies from platform to platform. For GCP (the default), it is 'csi-gce-pd-snapshot-class'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--disks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.disks`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of a disk.

Optional:

- `access_modes` (List of String) AccessModes contains the desired access modes the volume should have.
- `annotations` (Map of String) A map of string keys and values to be stored in the annotations of the PVC. These can be read and write by external tools through Kubernetes.
- `selector` (Attributes) A label query over volumes to consider for binding. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--disks--selector))
- `size` (String) Disk size. If not specified, the defaults are: DataDisk:'100Gi', LogDisk:'150Gi',BackupDisk:'100Gi'
- `storage_class` (String) StorageClass points to a particular CSI driver and is used for disk provisioning.
- `volume_name` (String) VolumeName is the binding reference to the PersistentVolume tied to this disk.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--disks--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.disks.selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--disks--selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--disks--selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.disks.selector.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.
