---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_oracle_db_anthosapis_com_import_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "oracle.db.anthosapis.com"
description: |-
  Import is the Schema for the imports API.
---

# k8s_oracle_db_anthosapis_com_import_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

Import is the Schema for the imports API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_oracle_db_anthosapis_com_import_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) ImportSpec defines the desired state of Import. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `database_name` (String) DatabaseName is the database resource name within Instance to import into.
- `gcs_log_path` (String) GcsLogPath is an optional path in GCS to copy import log to. A user is to ensure proper write access to the bucket from within the Oracle Operator.
- `gcs_path` (String) GcsPath is a full path to the input file in GCS containing import data. A user is to ensure proper write access to the bucket from within the Oracle Operator.
- `instance` (String) Instance is the resource name within same namespace to import into.
- `options` (Map of String) Options is a map of options and their values for usage with the specified Import Type. Right now this is only supported for passing additional impdp specific options.
- `type` (String) Type of the Import. If not specified, the default of DataPump is assumed, which is the only supported option currently.
