---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_oracle_db_anthosapis_com_database_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "oracle.db.anthosapis.com"
description: |-
  Database is the Schema for the databases API.
---

# k8s_oracle_db_anthosapis_com_database_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

Database is the Schema for the databases API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_oracle_db_anthosapis_com_database_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) DatabaseSpec defines the desired state of Database. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `admin_password` (String) AdminPassword is the password for the sys admin of the database.
- `admin_password_gsm_secret_ref` (Attributes) AdminPasswordGsmSecretRef is a reference to the secret object containing sensitive information to pass to config agent. This field is optional, and may be empty if plaintext password is used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--admin_password_gsm_secret_ref))
- `instance` (String) Name of the instance that the database belongs to.
- `name` (String) Name of the database.
- `users` (Attributes List) Users specifies an optional list of users to be created in this database. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--users))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--admin_password_gsm_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.admin_password_gsm_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `project_id` (String) ProjectId identifies the project where the secret resource is.
- `secret_id` (String) SecretId identifies the secret.
- `version` (String) Version is the version of the secret. If 'latest' is specified, underlying the latest SecretId is used.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.users`

Optional:

- `gsm_secret_ref` (Attributes) A reference to a GSM secret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--users--gsm_secret_ref))
- `name` (String) Name of the User.
- `password` (String) Plaintext password.
- `privileges` (List of String) Privileges specifies an optional list of privileges to grant to the user.
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) A reference to a k8s secret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--users--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--users--gsm_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.users.gsm_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `project_id` (String) ProjectId identifies the project where the secret resource is.
- `secret_id` (String) SecretId identifies the secret.
- `version` (String) Version is the version of the secret. If 'latest' is specified, underlying the latest SecretId is used.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--users--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.users.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) name is unique within a namespace to reference a secret resource.
- `namespace` (String) namespace defines the space within which the secret name must be unique.
