---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_oracle_db_anthosapis_com_pitr_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "oracle.db.anthosapis.com"
description: |-
  PITR is the Schema for the PITR API
---

# k8s_oracle_db_anthosapis_com_pitr_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

PITR is the Schema for the PITR API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_oracle_db_anthosapis_com_pitr_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) PITRSpec defines the desired state of PITR (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `images` (Map of String) Images defines PITR service agent images. This is a required map that allows a customer to specify GCR images.
- `instance_ref` (Attributes) InstanceRef references to the instance that the PITR applies to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--instance_ref))

Optional:

- `backup_schedule` (String) Schedule is a cron-style expression of the schedule on which Backup will be created for PITR. For allowed syntax, see en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cron and godoc.org/github.com/robfig/cron. Default to backup every 4 hours.
- `storage_uri` (String) StorageURI is the URI to store PITR backups and redo logs. Currently only gs:// (GCS) schemes are supported.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--instance_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.instance_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) 'name' is the name of a database instance.
