---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_oracle_db_anthosapis_com_instance_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "oracle.db.anthosapis.com"
description: |-
  Instance is the Schema for the instances API.
---

# k8s_oracle_db_anthosapis_com_instance_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

Instance is the Schema for the instances API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_oracle_db_anthosapis_com_instance_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) InstanceSpec defines the desired state of Instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `admin_user` (Attributes) AdminUser represents the admin user specification (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--admin_user))
- `cdb_name` (String) CDBName is the intended name of the CDB attribute. If the CDBName is different from the original name (with which the CDB was created) the CDB will be renamed.  The CDBName should meet Oracle SID requirements: uppercase, alphanumeric, max 8 characters, and not start with a number.
- `character_set` (String) CharacterSet used to create a database (the default is AL32UTF8).
- `cloud_provider` (String) CloudProvider is only relevant if the hosting type is Cloud, MultiCloud, Hybrid or Bare Metal.
- `database_gid` (Number) DatabaseGID represents an OS group ID of a user running a database.
- `database_patching_timeout` (String) Max threshold for database patching. This timeout is used independently for sts patching and OPatch/datapatch execution.
- `database_resources` (Attributes) Resource specification for the database container. If not specified, a default of 4.0Gi memory request will be used to safeguard the db container without crashes due to memory pressure. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--database_resources))
- `database_uid` (Number) DatabaseUID represents an OS UID of a user running a database.
- `db_domain` (String) DBDomain is an optional attribute to set a database domain.
- `db_load_balancer_options` (Attributes) DBNetworkServiceOptions allows to override some details of kubernetes Service created to expose a connection to database. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--db_load_balancer_options))
- `db_unique_name` (String) DBUniqueName represents a unique database name that would be set for a database (if not provided, as a default, the [_generic|_<zone name>] will be appended to a DatabaseName).
- `deployment_type` (String) DeploymentType reflects a fully managed (DBaaS) vs. semi-managed database.
- `disks` (Attributes List) Disks slice describes at minimum two disks: data and log (archive log), and optionally a backup disk. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--disks))
- `edition` (String) Edition of a database.
- `enable_dnfs` (Boolean) EnableDnfs enables configuration of Oracle's dNFS functionality.
- `hosting_type` (String) HostingType conveys whether an Instance is meant to be hosted on a cloud (single or multiple), on-prem, on Bare Metal, etc. It is meant to be used as a filter and aggregation dimension.
- `images` (Map of String) Service agent and other data plane GCR images. This is an optional map that allows a customer to specify GCR images different from those chosen/provided.
- `is_stopped` (Boolean) IsStopped is true if an instance is stopped, false otherwise
- `maintenance_window` (Attributes) MaintenanceWindow specifies the time windows during which database downtimes are allowed for maintenance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--maintenance_window))
- `memory_percent` (Number) MemoryPercent represents the percentage of memory that should be allocated for Oracle SGA (default is 25%).
- `mode` (String) Mode specifies how this instance will be managed by the operator.
- `parameters` (Map of String) Parameters contains the database flags in the map format
- `pod_spec` (Attributes) Spec Configurations for pods of an instance (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_spec))
- `replication_settings` (Attributes) ReplicationSettings provides configuration for initializing an instance as a standby for the specified primary instance. These settings can only be used when initializing an instance, adding them to an already created instance is an error. Once a standby is created with these settings you may promote the standby to its own independent instance by removing these settings. DBUniqueName must be set when initializing a standby instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--replication_settings))
- `restore` (Attributes) Restore and recovery request details. This section should normally be commented out unless an actual restore/recovery is required. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--restore))
- `retain_disks_after_instance_deletion` (Boolean) RetainDisksAfterInstanceDeletion should be set to true if Persistent Volumes and underlying disks should be retained after the Instance is deleted. The Default value is false, meaning disks are deleted with the instance.
- `services` (Map of String) Services list the optional semi-managed services that the customers can choose from.
- `source_cidr_ranges` (List of String) Source IP CIDR ranges allowed for a client.
- `type` (String) Type of a database engine.
- `version` (String) Version of a database.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--admin_user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.admin_user`

Optional:

- `force_reset_password` (Boolean) ForceResetPassword defines the flag needed to reset admin user password
- `request_time` (String) RequestTime is a date-time to avoid triggering of a password reset repeatedly. If at least one password reset operation has occurred, any further reset operation that have RequestTime same or earlier than CreateTime will be ignored.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--database_resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.database_resources`

Optional:

- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/


<a id="nestedatt--spec--db_load_balancer_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.db_load_balancer_options`

Optional:

- `gcp` (Attributes) GCP contains Google Cloud specific attributes for the Kubernetes LoadBalancer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--db_load_balancer_options--gcp))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--db_load_balancer_options--gcp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.db_load_balancer_options.gcp`

Optional:

- `load_balancer_ip` (String) LoadBalancerIP is a static IP address, see https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/ip-addresses/reserve-static-external-ip-address
- `load_balancer_type` (String) A LoadBalancer can be internal or external. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#internal-load-balancer



<a id="nestedatt--spec--disks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.disks`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of a disk.

Optional:

- `access_modes` (List of String) AccessModes contains the desired access modes the volume should have.
- `annotations` (Map of String) A map of string keys and values to be stored in the annotations of the PVC. These can be read and write by external tools through Kubernetes.
- `selector` (Attributes) A label query over volumes to consider for binding. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--disks--selector))
- `size` (String) Disk size. If not specified, the defaults are: DataDisk:'100Gi', LogDisk:'150Gi',BackupDisk:'100Gi'
- `storage_class` (String) StorageClass points to a particular CSI driver and is used for disk provisioning.
- `volume_name` (String) VolumeName is the binding reference to the PersistentVolume tied to this disk.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--disks--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.disks.selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--disks--selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--disks--selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.disks.selector.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--maintenance_window"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.maintenance_window`

Optional:

- `time_ranges` (Attributes List) Maintenance time ranges. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--maintenance_window--time_ranges))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--maintenance_window--time_ranges"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.maintenance_window.time_ranges`

Optional:

- `duration` (String) Duration of the maintenance window
- `start` (String) Start time.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_spec`

Optional:

- `affinity` (Attributes) Affinity for Instance Pods (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity))
- `tolerations` (Attributes List) Tolerations granting control to schedule/not schedule an instance on a node with a corresponding taint (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--tolerations))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_spec.affinity`

Optional:

- `node_affinity` (Attributes) Describes node affinity scheduling rules for the pod. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--node_affinity))
- `pod_affinity` (Attributes) Describes pod affinity scheduling rules (e.g. co-locate this pod in the same node, zone, etc. as some other pod(s)). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_affinity))
- `pod_anti_affinity` (Attributes) Describes pod anti-affinity scheduling rules (e.g. avoid putting this pod in the same node, zone, etc. as some other pod(s)). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--node_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) The scheduler will prefer to schedule pods to nodes that satisfy the affinity expressions specified by this field, but it may choose a node that violates one or more of the expressions. The node that is most preferred is the one with the greatest sum of weights, i.e. for each node that meets all of the scheduling requirements (resource request, requiredDuringScheduling affinity expressions, etc.), compute a sum by iterating through the elements of this field and adding 'weight' to the sum if the node matches the corresponding matchExpressions; the node(s) with the highest sum are the most preferred. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes) If the affinity requirements specified by this field are not met at scheduling time, the pod will not be scheduled onto the node. If the affinity requirements specified by this field cease to be met at some point during pod execution (e.g. due to an update), the system may or may not try to eventually evict the pod from its node. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `preference` (Attributes) A node selector term, associated with the corresponding weight. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference))
- `weight` (Number) Weight associated with matching the corresponding nodeSelectorTerm, in the range 1-100.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's labels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--match_expressions))
- `match_fields` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--match_fields))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `node_selector_terms` (Attributes List) Required. A list of node selector terms. The terms are ORed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's labels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_expressions))
- `match_fields` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_fields))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) The scheduler will prefer to schedule pods to nodes that satisfy the affinity expressions specified by this field, but it may choose a node that violates one or more of the expressions. The node that is most preferred is the one with the greatest sum of weights, i.e. for each node that meets all of the scheduling requirements (resource request, requiredDuringScheduling affinity expressions, etc.), compute a sum by iterating through the elements of this field and adding 'weight' to the sum if the node has pods which matches the corresponding podAffinityTerm; the node(s) with the highest sum are the most preferred. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) If the affinity requirements specified by this field are not met at scheduling time, the pod will not be scheduled onto the node. If the affinity requirements specified by this field cease to be met at some point during pod execution (e.g. due to a pod label update), the system may or may not try to eventually evict the pod from its node. When there are multiple elements, the lists of nodes corresponding to each podAffinityTerm are intersected, i.e. all terms must be satisfied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `pod_affinity_term` (Attributes) Required. A pod affinity term, associated with the corresponding weight. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term))
- `weight` (Number) weight associated with matching the corresponding podAffinityTerm, in the range 1-100.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matching the labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a node whose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of the selected pods is running. Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--label_selector))
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) A label query over the set of namespaces that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces selected by this field and the ones listed in the namespaces field. null selector and null or empty namespaces list means 'this pod's namespace'. An empty selector ({}) matches all namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies a static list of namespace names that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces listed in this field and the ones selected by namespaceSelector. null or empty namespaces list and null namespaceSelector means 'this pod's namespace'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.namespaces`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespaces--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespaces--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.namespaces.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.namespaces`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespaces--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespaces--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.namespaces.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matching the labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a node whose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of the selected pods is running. Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector))
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) A label query over the set of namespaces that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces selected by this field and the ones listed in the namespaces field. null selector and null or empty namespaces list means 'this pod's namespace'. An empty selector ({}) matches all namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies a static list of namespace names that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces listed in this field and the ones selected by namespaceSelector. null or empty namespaces list and null namespaceSelector means 'this pod's namespace'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespaces`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespaces--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespaces--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespaces.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespaces`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespaces--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespaces--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespaces.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) The scheduler will prefer to schedule pods to nodes that satisfy the anti-affinity expressions specified by this field, but it may choose a node that violates one or more of the expressions. The node that is most preferred is the one with the greatest sum of weights, i.e. for each node that meets all of the scheduling requirements (resource request, requiredDuringScheduling anti-affinity expressions, etc.), compute a sum by iterating through the elements of this field and adding 'weight' to the sum if the node has pods which matches the corresponding podAffinityTerm; the node(s) with the highest sum are the most preferred. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) If the anti-affinity requirements specified by this field are not met at scheduling time, the pod will not be scheduled onto the node. If the anti-affinity requirements specified by this field cease to be met at some point during pod execution (e.g. due to a pod label update), the system may or may not try to eventually evict the pod from its node. When there are multiple elements, the lists of nodes corresponding to each podAffinityTerm are intersected, i.e. all terms must be satisfied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `pod_affinity_term` (Attributes) Required. A pod affinity term, associated with the corresponding weight. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term))
- `weight` (Number) weight associated with matching the corresponding podAffinityTerm, in the range 1-100.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matching the labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a node whose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of the selected pods is running. Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--label_selector))
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) A label query over the set of namespaces that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces selected by this field and the ones listed in the namespaces field. null selector and null or empty namespaces list means 'this pod's namespace'. An empty selector ({}) matches all namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies a static list of namespace names that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces listed in this field and the ones selected by namespaceSelector. null or empty namespaces list and null namespaceSelector means 'this pod's namespace'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.namespaces`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespaces--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespaces--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.namespaces.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.namespaces`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespaces--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespaces--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.namespaces.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matching the labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a node whose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of the selected pods is running. Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector))
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) A label query over the set of namespaces that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces selected by this field and the ones listed in the namespaces field. null selector and null or empty namespaces list means 'this pod's namespace'. An empty selector ({}) matches all namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies a static list of namespace names that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces listed in this field and the ones selected by namespaceSelector. null or empty namespaces list and null namespaceSelector means 'this pod's namespace'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespaces`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespaces--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespaces--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespaces.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespaces`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespaces--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespaces--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespaces.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.






<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_spec--tolerations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_spec.tolerations`

Optional:

- `effect` (String) Effect indicates the taint effect to match. Empty means match all taint effects. When specified, allowed values are NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Key is the taint key that the toleration applies to. Empty means match all taint keys. If the key is empty, operator must be Exists; this combination means to match all values and all keys.
- `operator` (String) Operator represents a key's relationship to the value. Valid operators are Exists and Equal. Defaults to Equal. Exists is equivalent to wildcard for value, so that a pod can tolerate all taints of a particular category.
- `toleration_seconds` (Number) TolerationSeconds represents the period of time the toleration (which must be of effect NoExecute, otherwise this field is ignored) tolerates the taint. By default, it is not set, which means tolerate the taint forever (do not evict). Zero and negative values will be treated as 0 (evict immediately) by the system.
- `value` (String) Value is the taint value the toleration matches to. If the operator is Exists, the value should be empty, otherwise just a regular string.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--replication_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.replication_settings`

Required:

- `password_file_uri` (String) PasswordFileURI is the URI to a copy of the primary's password file for establishing an active dataguard connection. Currently only gs:// (GCS) schemes are supported.
- `primary_host` (String) PrimaryHost is the hostname of the primary's listener.
- `primary_port` (Number) PrimaryPort is the port of the primary's listener.
- `primary_service_name` (String) PrimaryServiceName is the service name of the primary database on the listener at PrimaryHost:PrimaryPort.
- `primary_user` (Attributes) PrimaryUser specifies the user name and credential to authenticate to the primary database as. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--replication_settings--primary_user))

Optional:

- `backup_uri` (String) BackupURI is the URI to a copy of the primary's RMAN backup. Standby will be created from this backup when provided. Currently only gs:// (GCS) schemes are supported.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--replication_settings--primary_user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.replication_settings.primary_user`

Optional:

- `gsm_secret_ref` (Attributes) A reference to a GSM secret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--replication_settings--primary_user--gsm_secret_ref))
- `name` (String) Name of the User.
- `password` (String) Plaintext password.
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) A reference to a k8s secret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--replication_settings--primary_user--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--replication_settings--primary_user--gsm_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.replication_settings.primary_user.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `project_id` (String) ProjectId identifies the project where the secret resource is.
- `secret_id` (String) SecretId identifies the secret.
- `version` (String) Version is the version of the secret. If 'latest' is specified, underlying the latest SecretId is used.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--replication_settings--primary_user--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.replication_settings.primary_user.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) name is unique within a namespace to reference a secret resource.
- `namespace` (String) namespace defines the space within which the secret name must be unique.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--restore"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.restore`

Required:

- `request_time` (String) Request version as a date-time to avoid accidental triggering of a restore operation when reapplying an older version of a resource file. If at least one restore operation has occurred, any further restore operation that have the same RequestTime or earlier than the last Restore operation will be ignored.

Optional:

- `backup_id` (String) Backup ID to restore from.
- `backup_ref` (Attributes) Backup reference to restore from. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--restore--backup_ref))
- `backup_type` (String) Backup type to restore from. Oracle only supports: Snapshot or Physical.
- `dop` (Number) Similar to a (physical) backup, optionally indicate a degree of parallelism, also known as DOP.
- `force` (Boolean) To overwrite an existing, up and running instance, an explicit athorization is required. This is safeguard to avoid accidentally destroying a perfectly healthy (status=Ready) instance.
- `pitr_restore` (Attributes) Point In Time Recovery restore spec. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--restore--pitr_restore))
- `time_limit_minutes` (Number) Restore time limit. Optional field defaulting to three times the backup time limit. Don't include the unit (minutes), just the integer.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--restore--backup_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.restore.backup_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) 'name' is the name of the backup.
- `namespace` (String) 'namespace' is the namespace in which the backup object is created.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--restore--pitr_restore"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.restore.pitr_restore`

Optional:

- `incarnation` (String) Incarnation number to restore to. This is optional, default to current incarnation.
- `pitr_ref` (Attributes) PITRRef specifies the PITR object from which to read backup data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--restore--pitr_restore--pitr_ref))
- `scn` (String) SCN to restore to.
- `timestamp` (String) Timestamp to restore to.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--restore--pitr_restore--pitr_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.restore.pitr_restore.timestamp`

Optional:

- `name` (String) 'name' is the name of the PITR.
- `namespace` (String) 'namespace' is the namespace in which the PITR object is created.
