---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_oracle_db_anthosapis_com_cron_anything_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "oracle.db.anthosapis.com"
description: |-
  CronAnything is the Schema for the CronAnything API.
---

# k8s_oracle_db_anthosapis_com_cron_anything_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

CronAnything is the Schema for the CronAnything API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_oracle_db_anthosapis_com_cron_anything_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) CronAnythingSpec defines the desired state of CronAnything. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `schedule` (String) Schedule defines a time-based schedule, e.g., a standard cron schedule such as “@every 10m”. This field is mandatory and mutable. If it is changed, resources will simply be created at the new interval from then on.
- `template` (Map of String) Template is a template of a resource type for which instances are to be created on the given schedule. This field is mandatory and it must contain a valid template for an existing apiVersion and kind in the cluster. It is immutable, so if the template needs to change, the whole CronAnything resource should be replaced.

Optional:

- `cascade_delete` (Boolean) CascadeDelete tells CronAnything to set up owner references from the created resources to the CronAnything resource. This means that if the CronAnything resource is deleted, all resources created by it will also be deleted. This is an optional field that defaults to false.
- `concurrency_policy` (String) ConcurrencyPolicy specifies how to treat concurrent resources if the resource provides a status path that exposes completion. The default policy if not provided is to allow a new resource to be created even if an active resource already exists. If the resource doesn’t have an active/completed status, the only supported concurrency policy is to allow creating new resources. This field is mutable. If the policy is changed to a more stringent policy while multiple resources are active, it will not delete any existing resources. The exception is if a creation of a new resource is triggered and the policy has been changed to Replace. If multiple resources are active, they will all be deleted and replaced by a new resource.
- `finishable_strategy` (Attributes) FinishableStrategy defines how the CronAnything controller an decide if a resource has completed. Some resources will do some work after they have been created and at some point be finished. Jobs are the most common example. If no strategy is defined, it is assumed that the resources never finish. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--finishable_strategy))
- `resource_base_name` (String) ResourceBaseName specifies the base name for the resources created by CronAnything, which will be named using the format <ResourceBaseName>-<Timestamp>. This field is optional, and the default is to use the name of the CronAnything resource as the ResourceBaseName.
- `resource_timestamp_format` (String) ResourceTimestampFormat defines the format of the timestamp in the name of Resources created by CronAnything <ResourceBaseName>-<Timestamp>. This field is optional, and the default is to format the timestamp as unix time. If provided, it must be compatible with time.Format in golang.
- `retention` (Attributes) Retention defines the retention policy for resources created by CronAnything. If no retention policy is defined, CronAnything will never delete resources, so cleanup must be handled through some other process. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--retention))
- `suspend` (Boolean) Suspend tells the controller to suspend creation of additional resources. The default value is false. This field is mutable. It will not affect any existing resources, but only affect creation of additional resources.
- `total_resource_limit` (Number) TotalResourceLimit specifies the total number of children allowed for a particular CronAnything resource. If this limit is reached, no additional resources will be created. This limit is mostly meant to avoid runaway creation of resources that could bring down the cluster. Both finished and unfinished resources count against this limit. This field is mutable. If it is changed to a lower value than the existing number of resources, none of the existing resources will be deleted as a result, but no additional resources will be created until the number of child resources goes below the limit. The field is optional with a default value of 100.
- `trigger_deadline_seconds` (Number) TriggerDeadlineSeconds defines Deadline in seconds for creating the resource if it missed the scheduled time. If no deadline is provided, the resource will be created no matter how far after the scheduled time. If multiple triggers were missed, only the last will be triggered and only one resource will be created. This field is mutable and changing it will affect the creation of new resources from that point in time.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--finishable_strategy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.finishable_strategy`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type tells which strategy should be used.

Optional:

- `string_field` (Attributes) StringField contains the details for how the CronAnything controller can find the string field on the resource needed to decide if the resource has completed. It also lists the values that mean the resource has completed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--finishable_strategy--string_field))
- `timestamp_field` (Attributes) TimestampField contains the details for how the CronAnything controller can find the timestamp field on the resource in order to decide if the resource has completed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--finishable_strategy--timestamp_field))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--finishable_strategy--string_field"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.finishable_strategy.string_field`

Required:

- `field_path` (String) The path to the field on the resource that contains a string value.
- `finished_values` (List of String) The values of the field that means the resource has completed.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--finishable_strategy--timestamp_field"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.finishable_strategy.timestamp_field`

Required:

- `field_path` (String) The path to the field on the resource that contains the timestamp.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--retention"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.retention`

Required:

- `resource_timestamp_strategy` (Attributes) ResourceTimestampStrategy specifies how the CronAnything controller can find the age of a resource. This is needed to support retention. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--retention--resource_timestamp_strategy))

Optional:

- `history_count_limit` (Number) The number of completed resources to keep before deleting them. This only affects finishable resources and the default value is 3. This field is mutable and if it is changed to a number lower than the current number of finished resources, the oldest ones will eventually be deleted until the number of finished resources matches the limit.
- `history_time_limit_seconds` (Number) The time since completion that a resource is kept before deletion. This only affects finishable resources. This does not have any default value and if it is not provided, HistoryCountLimit will be used to prune completed resources. If both HistoryCountLimit and HistoryTimeLimitSeconds are set, it is treated as an OR operation.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--retention--resource_timestamp_strategy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.retention.resource_timestamp_strategy`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type tells which strategy should be used.

Optional:

- `field` (Attributes) FieldResourceTimestampStrategy specifies how the CronAnything controller can find the timestamp for the resource from a field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--retention--resource_timestamp_strategy--field))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--retention--resource_timestamp_strategy--field"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.retention.resource_timestamp_strategy.field`

Required:

- `field_path` (String) The path to the field on the resource that contains the timestamp.
