---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_organizations_services_k8s_aws_organizational_unit_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "organizations.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  OrganizationalUnit is the Schema for the OrganizationalUnits API
---

# k8s_organizations_services_k8s_aws_organizational_unit_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

OrganizationalUnit is the Schema for the OrganizationalUnits API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_organizations_services_k8s_aws_organizational_unit_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) OrganizationalUnitSpec defines the desired state of OrganizationalUnit. Contains details about an organizational unit (OU). An OU is a container of Amazon Web Services accounts within a root of an organization. Policies that are attached to an OU apply to all accounts contained in that OU and in any child OUs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `name` (String) The friendly name to assign to the new OU.
- `parent_id` (String) The unique identifier (ID) of the parent root or OU that you want to create the new OU in. The regex pattern (http://wikipedia.org/wiki/regex) for a parent ID string requires one of the following: * Root - A string that begins with 'r-' followed by from 4 to 32 lowercase letters or digits. * Organizational unit (OU) - A string that begins with 'ou-' followed by from 4 to 32 lowercase letters or digits (the ID of the root that the OU is in). This string is followed by a second '-' dash and from 8 to 32 additional lowercase letters or digits.

Optional:

- `tags` (Attributes List) A list of tags that you want to attach to the newly created OU. For each tag in the list, you must specify both a tag key and a value. You can set the value to an empty string, but you can't set it to null. For more information about tagging, see Tagging Organizations resources (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/organizations/latest/userguide/orgs_tagging.html) in the Organizations User Guide. If any one of the tags is invalid or if you exceed the allowed number of tags for an OU, then the entire request fails and the OU is not created. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)
