---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_pgv2_percona_com_percona_pg_upgrade_v2_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "pgv2.percona.com"
description: |-
  PerconaPGUpgrade is the Schema for the perconapgupgrades API
---

# k8s_pgv2_percona_com_percona_pg_upgrade_v2_manifest (Data Source)

PerconaPGUpgrade is the Schema for the perconapgupgrades API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_pgv2_percona_com_percona_pg_upgrade_v2_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `from_postgres_version` (Number) The major version of PostgreSQL before the upgrade.
- `image` (String) The image name to use for major PostgreSQL upgrades.
- `postgres_cluster_name` (String) The name of the cluster to be updated
- `to_postgres_version` (Number) The major version of PostgreSQL to be upgraded to.

Optional:

- `affinity` (Attributes) Scheduling constraints of the PGUpgrade pod.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity))
- `image_pull_policy` (String) ImagePullPolicy is used to determine when Kubernetes will attempt topull (download) container images.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images/#image-pull-policy
- `image_pull_secrets` (Attributes List) The image pull secrets used to pull from a private registry.Changing this value causes all running PGUpgrade pods to restart.https://k8s.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/pull-image-private-registry/ (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--image_pull_secrets))
- `init_containers` (Attributes List) Init container to run before the upgrade container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers))
- `metadata` (Attributes) Metadata contains metadata for custom resources (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--metadata))
- `priority_class_name` (String) Priority class name for the PGUpgrade pod. Changing thisvalue causes PGUpgrade pod to restart.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/pod-priority-preemption/
- `resources` (Attributes) Resource requirements for the PGUpgrade container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources))
- `to_postgres_image` (String) The image name to use for PostgreSQL containers after upgrade.When omitted, the value comes from an operator environment variable.
- `tolerations` (Attributes List) Tolerations of the PGUpgrade pod.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/taint-and-toleration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tolerations))
- `volume_mounts` (Attributes List) The list of volume mounts to mount to upgrade pod. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--volume_mounts))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity`

Optional:

- `node_affinity` (Attributes) Describes node affinity scheduling rules for the pod. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity))
- `pod_affinity` (Attributes) Describes pod affinity scheduling rules (e.g. co-locate this pod in the same node, zone, etc. as some other pod(s)). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity))
- `pod_anti_affinity` (Attributes) Describes pod anti-affinity scheduling rules (e.g. avoid putting this pod in the same node, zone, etc. as some other pod(s)). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) The scheduler will prefer to schedule pods to nodes that satisfythe affinity expressions specified by this field, but it may choosea node that violates one or more of the expressions. The node that ismost preferred is the one with the greatest sum of weights, i.e.for each node that meets all of the scheduling requirements (resourcerequest, requiredDuringScheduling affinity expressions, etc.),compute a sum by iterating through the elements of this field and adding'weight' to the sum if the node matches the corresponding matchExpressions; thenode(s) with the highest sum are the most preferred. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes) If the affinity requirements specified by this field are not met atscheduling time, the pod will not be scheduled onto the node.If the affinity requirements specified by this field cease to be metat some point during pod execution (e.g. due to an update), the systemmay or may not try to eventually evict the pod from its node. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `preference` (Attributes) A node selector term, associated with the corresponding weight. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference))
- `weight` (Number) Weight associated with matching the corresponding nodeSelectorTerm, in the range 1-100.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.preference`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's labels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_expressions))
- `match_fields` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_fields))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.preference.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the valuesarray must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer.This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.preference.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the valuesarray must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer.This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `node_selector_terms` (Attributes List) Required. A list of node selector terms. The terms are ORed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's labels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_expressions))
- `match_fields` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_fields))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the valuesarray must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer.This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the valuesarray must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer.This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) The scheduler will prefer to schedule pods to nodes that satisfythe affinity expressions specified by this field, but it may choosea node that violates one or more of the expressions. The node that ismost preferred is the one with the greatest sum of weights, i.e.for each node that meets all of the scheduling requirements (resourcerequest, requiredDuringScheduling affinity expressions, etc.),compute a sum by iterating through the elements of this field and adding'weight' to the sum if the node has pods which matches the corresponding podAffinityTerm; thenode(s) with the highest sum are the most preferred. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) If the affinity requirements specified by this field are not met atscheduling time, the pod will not be scheduled onto the node.If the affinity requirements specified by this field cease to be metat some point during pod execution (e.g. due to a pod label update), thesystem may or may not try to eventually evict the pod from its node.When there are multiple elements, the lists of nodes corresponding to eachpodAffinityTerm are intersected, i.e. all terms must be satisfied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `pod_affinity_term` (Attributes) Required. A pod affinity term, associated with the corresponding weight. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term))
- `weight` (Number) weight associated with matching the corresponding podAffinityTerm,in the range 1-100.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matchingthe labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a nodewhose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of theselected pods is running.Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods.If it's null, this PodAffinityTerm matches with no Pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector))
- `match_label_keys` (List of String) MatchLabelKeys is a set of pod label keys to select which pods willbe taken into consideration. The keys are used to lookup values from theincoming pod labels, those key-value labels are merged with 'labelSelector' as 'key in (value)'to select the group of existing pods which pods will be taken into considerationfor the incoming pod's pod (anti) affinity. Keys that don't exist in the incomingpod labels will be ignored. The default value is empty.The same key is forbidden to exist in both matchLabelKeys and labelSelector.Also, matchLabelKeys cannot be set when labelSelector isn't set.This is an alpha field and requires enabling MatchLabelKeysInPodAffinity feature gate.
- `mismatch_label_keys` (List of String) MismatchLabelKeys is a set of pod label keys to select which pods willbe taken into consideration. The keys are used to lookup values from theincoming pod labels, those key-value labels are merged with 'labelSelector' as 'key notin (value)'to select the group of existing pods which pods will be taken into considerationfor the incoming pod's pod (anti) affinity. Keys that don't exist in the incomingpod labels will be ignored. The default value is empty.The same key is forbidden to exist in both mismatchLabelKeys and labelSelector.Also, mismatchLabelKeys cannot be set when labelSelector isn't set.This is an alpha field and requires enabling MatchLabelKeysInPodAffinity feature gate.
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) A label query over the set of namespaces that the term applies to.The term is applied to the union of the namespaces selected by this fieldand the ones listed in the namespaces field.null selector and null or empty namespaces list means 'this pod's namespace'.An empty selector ({}) matches all namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies a static list of namespace names that the term applies to.The term is applied to the union of the namespaces listed in this fieldand the ones selected by namespaceSelector.null or empty namespaces list and null namespaceSelector means 'this pod's namespace'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.label_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matchingthe labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a nodewhose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of theselected pods is running.Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods.If it's null, this PodAffinityTerm matches with no Pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector))
- `match_label_keys` (List of String) MatchLabelKeys is a set of pod label keys to select which pods willbe taken into consideration. The keys are used to lookup values from theincoming pod labels, those key-value labels are merged with 'labelSelector' as 'key in (value)'to select the group of existing pods which pods will be taken into considerationfor the incoming pod's pod (anti) affinity. Keys that don't exist in the incomingpod labels will be ignored. The default value is empty.The same key is forbidden to exist in both matchLabelKeys and labelSelector.Also, matchLabelKeys cannot be set when labelSelector isn't set.This is an alpha field and requires enabling MatchLabelKeysInPodAffinity feature gate.
- `mismatch_label_keys` (List of String) MismatchLabelKeys is a set of pod label keys to select which pods willbe taken into consideration. The keys are used to lookup values from theincoming pod labels, those key-value labels are merged with 'labelSelector' as 'key notin (value)'to select the group of existing pods which pods will be taken into considerationfor the incoming pod's pod (anti) affinity. Keys that don't exist in the incomingpod labels will be ignored. The default value is empty.The same key is forbidden to exist in both mismatchLabelKeys and labelSelector.Also, mismatchLabelKeys cannot be set when labelSelector isn't set.This is an alpha field and requires enabling MatchLabelKeysInPodAffinity feature gate.
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) A label query over the set of namespaces that the term applies to.The term is applied to the union of the namespaces selected by this fieldand the ones listed in the namespaces field.null selector and null or empty namespaces list means 'this pod's namespace'.An empty selector ({}) matches all namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies a static list of namespace names that the term applies to.The term is applied to the union of the namespaces listed in this fieldand the ones selected by namespaceSelector.null or empty namespaces list and null namespaceSelector means 'this pod's namespace'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) The scheduler will prefer to schedule pods to nodes that satisfythe anti-affinity expressions specified by this field, but it may choosea node that violates one or more of the expressions. The node that ismost preferred is the one with the greatest sum of weights, i.e.for each node that meets all of the scheduling requirements (resourcerequest, requiredDuringScheduling anti-affinity expressions, etc.),compute a sum by iterating through the elements of this field and adding'weight' to the sum if the node has pods which matches the corresponding podAffinityTerm; thenode(s) with the highest sum are the most preferred. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) If the anti-affinity requirements specified by this field are not met atscheduling time, the pod will not be scheduled onto the node.If the anti-affinity requirements specified by this field cease to be metat some point during pod execution (e.g. due to a pod label update), thesystem may or may not try to eventually evict the pod from its node.When there are multiple elements, the lists of nodes corresponding to eachpodAffinityTerm are intersected, i.e. all terms must be satisfied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `pod_affinity_term` (Attributes) Required. A pod affinity term, associated with the corresponding weight. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term))
- `weight` (Number) weight associated with matching the corresponding podAffinityTerm,in the range 1-100.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matchingthe labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a nodewhose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of theselected pods is running.Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods.If it's null, this PodAffinityTerm matches with no Pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector))
- `match_label_keys` (List of String) MatchLabelKeys is a set of pod label keys to select which pods willbe taken into consideration. The keys are used to lookup values from theincoming pod labels, those key-value labels are merged with 'labelSelector' as 'key in (value)'to select the group of existing pods which pods will be taken into considerationfor the incoming pod's pod (anti) affinity. Keys that don't exist in the incomingpod labels will be ignored. The default value is empty.The same key is forbidden to exist in both matchLabelKeys and labelSelector.Also, matchLabelKeys cannot be set when labelSelector isn't set.This is an alpha field and requires enabling MatchLabelKeysInPodAffinity feature gate.
- `mismatch_label_keys` (List of String) MismatchLabelKeys is a set of pod label keys to select which pods willbe taken into consideration. The keys are used to lookup values from theincoming pod labels, those key-value labels are merged with 'labelSelector' as 'key notin (value)'to select the group of existing pods which pods will be taken into considerationfor the incoming pod's pod (anti) affinity. Keys that don't exist in the incomingpod labels will be ignored. The default value is empty.The same key is forbidden to exist in both mismatchLabelKeys and labelSelector.Also, mismatchLabelKeys cannot be set when labelSelector isn't set.This is an alpha field and requires enabling MatchLabelKeysInPodAffinity feature gate.
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) A label query over the set of namespaces that the term applies to.The term is applied to the union of the namespaces selected by this fieldand the ones listed in the namespaces field.null selector and null or empty namespaces list means 'this pod's namespace'.An empty selector ({}) matches all namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies a static list of namespace names that the term applies to.The term is applied to the union of the namespaces listed in this fieldand the ones selected by namespaceSelector.null or empty namespaces list and null namespaceSelector means 'this pod's namespace'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.label_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matchingthe labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a nodewhose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of theselected pods is running.Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods.If it's null, this PodAffinityTerm matches with no Pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector))
- `match_label_keys` (List of String) MatchLabelKeys is a set of pod label keys to select which pods willbe taken into consideration. The keys are used to lookup values from theincoming pod labels, those key-value labels are merged with 'labelSelector' as 'key in (value)'to select the group of existing pods which pods will be taken into considerationfor the incoming pod's pod (anti) affinity. Keys that don't exist in the incomingpod labels will be ignored. The default value is empty.The same key is forbidden to exist in both matchLabelKeys and labelSelector.Also, matchLabelKeys cannot be set when labelSelector isn't set.This is an alpha field and requires enabling MatchLabelKeysInPodAffinity feature gate.
- `mismatch_label_keys` (List of String) MismatchLabelKeys is a set of pod label keys to select which pods willbe taken into consideration. The keys are used to lookup values from theincoming pod labels, those key-value labels are merged with 'labelSelector' as 'key notin (value)'to select the group of existing pods which pods will be taken into considerationfor the incoming pod's pod (anti) affinity. Keys that don't exist in the incomingpod labels will be ignored. The default value is empty.The same key is forbidden to exist in both mismatchLabelKeys and labelSelector.Also, mismatchLabelKeys cannot be set when labelSelector isn't set.This is an alpha field and requires enabling MatchLabelKeysInPodAffinity feature gate.
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) A label query over the set of namespaces that the term applies to.The term is applied to the union of the namespaces selected by this fieldand the ones listed in the namespaces field.null selector and null or empty namespaces list means 'this pod's namespace'.An empty selector ({}) matches all namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies a static list of namespace names that the term applies to.The term is applied to the union of the namespaces listed in this fieldand the ones selected by namespaceSelector.null or empty namespaces list and null namespaceSelector means 'this pod's namespace'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.






<a id="nestedatt--spec--image_pull_secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.image_pull_secrets`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.This field is effectively required, but due to backwards compatibility isallowed to be empty. Instances of this type with an empty value here arealmost certainly wrong.TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Drop 'kubebuilder:default' when controller-gen doesn't need it https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder/issues/3896.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the container specified as a DNS_LABEL.Each container in a pod must have a unique name (DNS_LABEL).Cannot be updated.

Optional:

- `args` (List of String) Arguments to the entrypoint.The container image's CMD is used if this is not provided.Variable references $(VAR_NAME) are expanded using the container's environment. If a variablecannot be resolved, the reference in the input string will be unchanged. Double $$ are reducedto a single $, which allows for escaping the $(VAR_NAME) syntax: i.e. '$$(VAR_NAME)' willproduce the string literal '$(VAR_NAME)'. Escaped references will never be expanded, regardlessof whether the variable exists or not. Cannot be updated.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/define-command-argument-container/#running-a-command-in-a-shell
- `command` (List of String) Entrypoint array. Not executed within a shell.The container image's ENTRYPOINT is used if this is not provided.Variable references $(VAR_NAME) are expanded using the container's environment. If a variablecannot be resolved, the reference in the input string will be unchanged. Double $$ are reducedto a single $, which allows for escaping the $(VAR_NAME) syntax: i.e. '$$(VAR_NAME)' willproduce the string literal '$(VAR_NAME)'. Escaped references will never be expanded, regardlessof whether the variable exists or not. Cannot be updated.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/define-command-argument-container/#running-a-command-in-a-shell
- `env` (Attributes List) List of environment variables to set in the container.Cannot be updated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers--env))
- `env_from` (Attributes List) List of sources to populate environment variables in the container.The keys defined within a source must be a C_IDENTIFIER. All invalid keyswill be reported as an event when the container is starting. When a key exists in multiplesources, the value associated with the last source will take precedence.Values defined by an Env with a duplicate key will take precedence.Cannot be updated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers--env_from))
- `image` (String) Container image name.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/imagesThis field is optional to allow higher level config management to default or overridecontainer images in workload controllers like Deployments and StatefulSets.
- `image_pull_policy` (String) Image pull policy.One of Always, Never, IfNotPresent.Defaults to Always if :latest tag is specified, or IfNotPresent otherwise.Cannot be updated.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images#updating-images
- `lifecycle` (Attributes) Actions that the management system should take in response to container lifecycle events.Cannot be updated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers--lifecycle))
- `liveness_probe` (Attributes) Periodic probe of container liveness.Container will be restarted if the probe fails.Cannot be updated.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle#container-probes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers--liveness_probe))
- `ports` (Attributes List) List of ports to expose from the container. Not specifying a port hereDOES NOT prevent that port from being exposed. Any port which islistening on the default '0.0.0.0' address inside a container will beaccessible from the network.Modifying this array with strategic merge patch may corrupt the data.For more information See https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/108255.Cannot be updated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers--ports))
- `readiness_probe` (Attributes) Periodic probe of container service readiness.Container will be removed from service endpoints if the probe fails.Cannot be updated.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle#container-probes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers--readiness_probe))
- `resize_policy` (Attributes List) Resources resize policy for the container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers--resize_policy))
- `resources` (Attributes) Compute Resources required by this container.Cannot be updated.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/ (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers--resources))
- `restart_policy` (String) RestartPolicy defines the restart behavior of individual containers in a pod.This field may only be set for init containers, and the only allowed value is 'Always'.For non-init containers or when this field is not specified,the restart behavior is defined by the Pod's restart policy and the container type.Setting the RestartPolicy as 'Always' for the init container will have the following effect:this init container will be continually restarted onexit until all regular containers have terminated. Once all regularcontainers have completed, all init containers with restartPolicy 'Always'will be shut down. This lifecycle differs from normal init containers andis often referred to as a 'sidecar' container. Although this initcontainer still starts in the init container sequence, it does not waitfor the container to complete before proceeding to the next initcontainer. Instead, the next init container starts immediately after thisinit container is started, or after any startupProbe has successfullycompleted.
- `security_context` (Attributes) SecurityContext defines the security options the container should be run with.If set, the fields of SecurityContext override the equivalent fields of PodSecurityContext.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/ (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers--security_context))
- `startup_probe` (Attributes) StartupProbe indicates that the Pod has successfully initialized.If specified, no other probes are executed until this completes successfully.If this probe fails, the Pod will be restarted, just as if the livenessProbe failed.This can be used to provide different probe parameters at the beginning of a Pod's lifecycle,when it might take a long time to load data or warm a cache, than during steady-state operation.This cannot be updated.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle#container-probes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers--startup_probe))
- `stdin` (Boolean) Whether this container should allocate a buffer for stdin in the container runtime. If thisis not set, reads from stdin in the container will always result in EOF.Default is false.
- `stdin_once` (Boolean) Whether the container runtime should close the stdin channel after it has been opened bya single attach. When stdin is true the stdin stream will remain open across multiple attachsessions. If stdinOnce is set to true, stdin is opened on container start, is empty until thefirst client attaches to stdin, and then remains open and accepts data until the client disconnects,at which time stdin is closed and remains closed until the container is restarted. If thisflag is false, a container processes that reads from stdin will never receive an EOF.Default is false
- `termination_message_path` (String) Optional: Path at which the file to which the container's termination messagewill be written is mounted into the container's filesystem.Message written is intended to be brief final status, such as an assertion failure message.Will be truncated by the node if greater than 4096 bytes. The total message length acrossall containers will be limited to 12kb.Defaults to /dev/termination-log.Cannot be updated.
- `termination_message_policy` (String) Indicate how the termination message should be populated. File will use the contents ofterminationMessagePath to populate the container status message on both success and failure.FallbackToLogsOnError will use the last chunk of container log output if the terminationmessage file is empty and the container exited with an error.The log output is limited to 2048 bytes or 80 lines, whichever is smaller.Defaults to File.Cannot be updated.
- `tty` (Boolean) Whether this container should allocate a TTY for itself, also requires 'stdin' to be true.Default is false.
- `volume_devices` (Attributes List) volumeDevices is the list of block devices to be used by the container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers--volume_devices))
- `volume_mounts` (Attributes List) Pod volumes to mount into the container's filesystem.Cannot be updated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers--volume_mounts))
- `working_dir` (String) Container's working directory.If not specified, the container runtime's default will be used, whichmight be configured in the container image.Cannot be updated.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers--env"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers.env`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the environment variable. Must be a C_IDENTIFIER.

Optional:

- `value` (String) Variable references $(VAR_NAME) are expandedusing the previously defined environment variables in the container andany service environment variables. If a variable cannot be resolved,the reference in the input string will be unchanged. Double $$ are reducedto a single $, which allows for escaping the $(VAR_NAME) syntax: i.e.'$$(VAR_NAME)' will produce the string literal '$(VAR_NAME)'.Escaped references will never be expanded, regardless of whether the variableexists or not.Defaults to ''.
- `value_from` (Attributes) Source for the environment variable's value. Cannot be used if value is not empty. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers--env--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers--env--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers.env.value_from`

Optional:

- `config_map_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a ConfigMap. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers--env--value_from--config_map_key_ref))
- `field_ref` (Attributes) Selects a field of the pod: supports metadata.name, metadata.namespace, 'metadata.labels['<KEY>']', 'metadata.annotations['<KEY>']',spec.nodeName, spec.serviceAccountName, status.hostIP, status.podIP, status.podIPs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers--env--value_from--field_ref))
- `resource_field_ref` (Attributes) Selects a resource of the container: only resources limits and requests(limits.cpu, limits.memory, limits.ephemeral-storage, requests.cpu, requests.memory and requests.ephemeral-storage) are currently supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers--env--value_from--resource_field_ref))
- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a secret in the pod's namespace (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers--env--value_from--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers--env--value_from--config_map_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers.env.value_from.config_map_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key to select.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.This field is effectively required, but due to backwards compatibility isallowed to be empty. Instances of this type with an empty value here arealmost certainly wrong.TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Drop 'kubebuilder:default' when controller-gen doesn't need it https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder/issues/3896.
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the ConfigMap or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers--env--value_from--field_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers.env.value_from.field_ref`

Required:

- `field_path` (String) Path of the field to select in the specified API version.

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) Version of the schema the FieldPath is written in terms of, defaults to 'v1'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers--env--value_from--resource_field_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers.env.value_from.resource_field_ref`

Required:

- `resource` (String) Required: resource to select

Optional:

- `container_name` (String) Container name: required for volumes, optional for env vars
- `divisor` (String) Specifies the output format of the exposed resources, defaults to '1'


<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers--env--value_from--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers.env.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.This field is effectively required, but due to backwards compatibility isallowed to be empty. Instances of this type with an empty value here arealmost certainly wrong.TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Drop 'kubebuilder:default' when controller-gen doesn't need it https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder/issues/3896.
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined




<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers--env_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers.env_from`

Optional:

- `config_map_ref` (Attributes) The ConfigMap to select from (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers--env_from--config_map_ref))
- `prefix` (String) An optional identifier to prepend to each key in the ConfigMap. Must be a C_IDENTIFIER.
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) The Secret to select from (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers--env_from--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers--env_from--config_map_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers.env_from.config_map_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.This field is effectively required, but due to backwards compatibility isallowed to be empty. Instances of this type with an empty value here arealmost certainly wrong.TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Drop 'kubebuilder:default' when controller-gen doesn't need it https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder/issues/3896.
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the ConfigMap must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers--env_from--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers.env_from.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.This field is effectively required, but due to backwards compatibility isallowed to be empty. Instances of this type with an empty value here arealmost certainly wrong.TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Drop 'kubebuilder:default' when controller-gen doesn't need it https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder/issues/3896.
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret must be defined



<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers--lifecycle"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers.lifecycle`

Optional:

- `post_start` (Attributes) PostStart is called immediately after a container is created. If the handler fails,the container is terminated and restarted according to its restart policy.Other management of the container blocks until the hook completes.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/container-lifecycle-hooks/#container-hooks (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers--lifecycle--post_start))
- `pre_stop` (Attributes) PreStop is called immediately before a container is terminated due to anAPI request or management event such as liveness/startup probe failure,preemption, resource contention, etc. The handler is not called if thecontainer crashes or exits. The Pod's termination grace period countdown begins before thePreStop hook is executed. Regardless of the outcome of the handler, thecontainer will eventually terminate within the Pod's termination graceperiod (unless delayed by finalizers). Other management of the container blocks until the hook completesor until the termination grace period is reached.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/container-lifecycle-hooks/#container-hooks (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers--lifecycle--pre_stop))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers--lifecycle--post_start"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers.lifecycle.post_start`

Optional:

- `exec` (Attributes) Exec specifies the action to take. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers--lifecycle--post_start--exec))
- `http_get` (Attributes) HTTPGet specifies the http request to perform. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers--lifecycle--post_start--http_get))
- `sleep` (Attributes) Sleep represents the duration that the container should sleep before being terminated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers--lifecycle--post_start--sleep))
- `tcp_socket` (Attributes) Deprecated. TCPSocket is NOT supported as a LifecycleHandler and keptfor the backward compatibility. There are no validation of this field andlifecycle hooks will fail in runtime when tcp handler is specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers--lifecycle--post_start--tcp_socket))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers--lifecycle--post_start--exec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers.lifecycle.post_start.exec`

Optional:

- `command` (List of String) Command is the command line to execute inside the container, the working directory for thecommand  is root ('/') in the container's filesystem. The command is simply exec'd, it isnot run inside a shell, so traditional shell instructions ('|', etc) won't work. To usea shell, you need to explicitly call out to that shell.Exit status of 0 is treated as live/healthy and non-zero is unhealthy.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers--lifecycle--post_start--http_get"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers.lifecycle.post_start.http_get`

Required:

- `port` (String) Name or number of the port to access on the container.Number must be in the range 1 to 65535.Name must be an IANA_SVC_NAME.

Optional:

- `host` (String) Host name to connect to, defaults to the pod IP. You probably want to set'Host' in httpHeaders instead.
- `http_headers` (Attributes List) Custom headers to set in the request. HTTP allows repeated headers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers--lifecycle--post_start--http_get--http_headers))
- `path` (String) Path to access on the HTTP server.
- `scheme` (String) Scheme to use for connecting to the host.Defaults to HTTP.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers--lifecycle--post_start--http_get--http_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers.lifecycle.post_start.http_get.http_headers`

Required:

- `name` (String) The header field name.This will be canonicalized upon output, so case-variant names will be understood as the same header.
- `value` (String) The header field value



<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers--lifecycle--post_start--sleep"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers.lifecycle.post_start.sleep`

Required:

- `seconds` (Number) Seconds is the number of seconds to sleep.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers--lifecycle--post_start--tcp_socket"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers.lifecycle.post_start.tcp_socket`

Required:

- `port` (String) Number or name of the port to access on the container.Number must be in the range 1 to 65535.Name must be an IANA_SVC_NAME.

Optional:

- `host` (String) Optional: Host name to connect to, defaults to the pod IP.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers--lifecycle--pre_stop"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers.lifecycle.pre_stop`

Optional:

- `exec` (Attributes) Exec specifies the action to take. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers--lifecycle--pre_stop--exec))
- `http_get` (Attributes) HTTPGet specifies the http request to perform. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers--lifecycle--pre_stop--http_get))
- `sleep` (Attributes) Sleep represents the duration that the container should sleep before being terminated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers--lifecycle--pre_stop--sleep))
- `tcp_socket` (Attributes) Deprecated. TCPSocket is NOT supported as a LifecycleHandler and keptfor the backward compatibility. There are no validation of this field andlifecycle hooks will fail in runtime when tcp handler is specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers--lifecycle--pre_stop--tcp_socket))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers--lifecycle--pre_stop--exec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers.lifecycle.pre_stop.exec`

Optional:

- `command` (List of String) Command is the command line to execute inside the container, the working directory for thecommand  is root ('/') in the container's filesystem. The command is simply exec'd, it isnot run inside a shell, so traditional shell instructions ('|', etc) won't work. To usea shell, you need to explicitly call out to that shell.Exit status of 0 is treated as live/healthy and non-zero is unhealthy.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers--lifecycle--pre_stop--http_get"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers.lifecycle.pre_stop.http_get`

Required:

- `port` (String) Name or number of the port to access on the container.Number must be in the range 1 to 65535.Name must be an IANA_SVC_NAME.

Optional:

- `host` (String) Host name to connect to, defaults to the pod IP. You probably want to set'Host' in httpHeaders instead.
- `http_headers` (Attributes List) Custom headers to set in the request. HTTP allows repeated headers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers--lifecycle--pre_stop--http_get--http_headers))
- `path` (String) Path to access on the HTTP server.
- `scheme` (String) Scheme to use for connecting to the host.Defaults to HTTP.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers--lifecycle--pre_stop--http_get--http_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers.lifecycle.pre_stop.http_get.http_headers`

Required:

- `name` (String) The header field name.This will be canonicalized upon output, so case-variant names will be understood as the same header.
- `value` (String) The header field value



<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers--lifecycle--pre_stop--sleep"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers.lifecycle.pre_stop.sleep`

Required:

- `seconds` (Number) Seconds is the number of seconds to sleep.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers--lifecycle--pre_stop--tcp_socket"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers.lifecycle.pre_stop.tcp_socket`

Required:

- `port` (String) Number or name of the port to access on the container.Number must be in the range 1 to 65535.Name must be an IANA_SVC_NAME.

Optional:

- `host` (String) Optional: Host name to connect to, defaults to the pod IP.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers--liveness_probe"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers.liveness_probe`

Optional:

- `exec` (Attributes) Exec specifies the action to take. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers--liveness_probe--exec))
- `failure_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive failures for the probe to be considered failed after having succeeded.Defaults to 3. Minimum value is 1.
- `grpc` (Attributes) GRPC specifies an action involving a GRPC port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers--liveness_probe--grpc))
- `http_get` (Attributes) HTTPGet specifies the http request to perform. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers--liveness_probe--http_get))
- `initial_delay_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds after the container has started before liveness probes are initiated.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle#container-probes
- `period_seconds` (Number) How often (in seconds) to perform the probe.Default to 10 seconds. Minimum value is 1.
- `success_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive successes for the probe to be considered successful after having failed.Defaults to 1. Must be 1 for liveness and startup. Minimum value is 1.
- `tcp_socket` (Attributes) TCPSocket specifies an action involving a TCP port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers--liveness_probe--tcp_socket))
- `termination_grace_period_seconds` (Number) Optional duration in seconds the pod needs to terminate gracefully upon probe failure.The grace period is the duration in seconds after the processes running in the pod are senta termination signal and the time when the processes are forcibly halted with a kill signal.Set this value longer than the expected cleanup time for your process.If this value is nil, the pod's terminationGracePeriodSeconds will be used. Otherwise, thisvalue overrides the value provided by the pod spec.Value must be non-negative integer. The value zero indicates stop immediately viathe kill signal (no opportunity to shut down).This is a beta field and requires enabling ProbeTerminationGracePeriod feature gate.Minimum value is 1. spec.terminationGracePeriodSeconds is used if unset.
- `timeout_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds after which the probe times out.Defaults to 1 second. Minimum value is 1.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle#container-probes

<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers--liveness_probe--exec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers.liveness_probe.exec`

Optional:

- `command` (List of String) Command is the command line to execute inside the container, the working directory for thecommand  is root ('/') in the container's filesystem. The command is simply exec'd, it isnot run inside a shell, so traditional shell instructions ('|', etc) won't work. To usea shell, you need to explicitly call out to that shell.Exit status of 0 is treated as live/healthy and non-zero is unhealthy.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers--liveness_probe--grpc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers.liveness_probe.grpc`

Required:

- `port` (Number) Port number of the gRPC service. Number must be in the range 1 to 65535.

Optional:

- `service` (String) Service is the name of the service to place in the gRPC HealthCheckRequest(see https://github.com/grpc/grpc/blob/master/doc/health-checking.md).If this is not specified, the default behavior is defined by gRPC.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers--liveness_probe--http_get"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers.liveness_probe.http_get`

Required:

- `port` (String) Name or number of the port to access on the container.Number must be in the range 1 to 65535.Name must be an IANA_SVC_NAME.

Optional:

- `host` (String) Host name to connect to, defaults to the pod IP. You probably want to set'Host' in httpHeaders instead.
- `http_headers` (Attributes List) Custom headers to set in the request. HTTP allows repeated headers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers--liveness_probe--http_get--http_headers))
- `path` (String) Path to access on the HTTP server.
- `scheme` (String) Scheme to use for connecting to the host.Defaults to HTTP.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers--liveness_probe--http_get--http_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers.liveness_probe.http_get.http_headers`

Required:

- `name` (String) The header field name.This will be canonicalized upon output, so case-variant names will be understood as the same header.
- `value` (String) The header field value



<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers--liveness_probe--tcp_socket"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers.liveness_probe.tcp_socket`

Required:

- `port` (String) Number or name of the port to access on the container.Number must be in the range 1 to 65535.Name must be an IANA_SVC_NAME.

Optional:

- `host` (String) Optional: Host name to connect to, defaults to the pod IP.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers--ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers.ports`

Required:

- `container_port` (Number) Number of port to expose on the pod's IP address.This must be a valid port number, 0 < x < 65536.

Optional:

- `host_ip` (String) What host IP to bind the external port to.
- `host_port` (Number) Number of port to expose on the host.If specified, this must be a valid port number, 0 < x < 65536.If HostNetwork is specified, this must match ContainerPort.Most containers do not need this.
- `name` (String) If specified, this must be an IANA_SVC_NAME and unique within the pod. Eachnamed port in a pod must have a unique name. Name for the port that can bereferred to by services.
- `protocol` (String) Protocol for port. Must be UDP, TCP, or SCTP.Defaults to 'TCP'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers--readiness_probe"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers.readiness_probe`

Optional:

- `exec` (Attributes) Exec specifies the action to take. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers--readiness_probe--exec))
- `failure_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive failures for the probe to be considered failed after having succeeded.Defaults to 3. Minimum value is 1.
- `grpc` (Attributes) GRPC specifies an action involving a GRPC port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers--readiness_probe--grpc))
- `http_get` (Attributes) HTTPGet specifies the http request to perform. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers--readiness_probe--http_get))
- `initial_delay_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds after the container has started before liveness probes are initiated.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle#container-probes
- `period_seconds` (Number) How often (in seconds) to perform the probe.Default to 10 seconds. Minimum value is 1.
- `success_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive successes for the probe to be considered successful after having failed.Defaults to 1. Must be 1 for liveness and startup. Minimum value is 1.
- `tcp_socket` (Attributes) TCPSocket specifies an action involving a TCP port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers--readiness_probe--tcp_socket))
- `termination_grace_period_seconds` (Number) Optional duration in seconds the pod needs to terminate gracefully upon probe failure.The grace period is the duration in seconds after the processes running in the pod are senta termination signal and the time when the processes are forcibly halted with a kill signal.Set this value longer than the expected cleanup time for your process.If this value is nil, the pod's terminationGracePeriodSeconds will be used. Otherwise, thisvalue overrides the value provided by the pod spec.Value must be non-negative integer. The value zero indicates stop immediately viathe kill signal (no opportunity to shut down).This is a beta field and requires enabling ProbeTerminationGracePeriod feature gate.Minimum value is 1. spec.terminationGracePeriodSeconds is used if unset.
- `timeout_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds after which the probe times out.Defaults to 1 second. Minimum value is 1.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle#container-probes

<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers--readiness_probe--exec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers.readiness_probe.exec`

Optional:

- `command` (List of String) Command is the command line to execute inside the container, the working directory for thecommand  is root ('/') in the container's filesystem. The command is simply exec'd, it isnot run inside a shell, so traditional shell instructions ('|', etc) won't work. To usea shell, you need to explicitly call out to that shell.Exit status of 0 is treated as live/healthy and non-zero is unhealthy.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers--readiness_probe--grpc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers.readiness_probe.grpc`

Required:

- `port` (Number) Port number of the gRPC service. Number must be in the range 1 to 65535.

Optional:

- `service` (String) Service is the name of the service to place in the gRPC HealthCheckRequest(see https://github.com/grpc/grpc/blob/master/doc/health-checking.md).If this is not specified, the default behavior is defined by gRPC.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers--readiness_probe--http_get"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers.readiness_probe.http_get`

Required:

- `port` (String) Name or number of the port to access on the container.Number must be in the range 1 to 65535.Name must be an IANA_SVC_NAME.

Optional:

- `host` (String) Host name to connect to, defaults to the pod IP. You probably want to set'Host' in httpHeaders instead.
- `http_headers` (Attributes List) Custom headers to set in the request. HTTP allows repeated headers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers--readiness_probe--http_get--http_headers))
- `path` (String) Path to access on the HTTP server.
- `scheme` (String) Scheme to use for connecting to the host.Defaults to HTTP.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers--readiness_probe--http_get--http_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers.readiness_probe.http_get.http_headers`

Required:

- `name` (String) The header field name.This will be canonicalized upon output, so case-variant names will be understood as the same header.
- `value` (String) The header field value



<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers--readiness_probe--tcp_socket"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers.readiness_probe.tcp_socket`

Required:

- `port` (String) Number or name of the port to access on the container.Number must be in the range 1 to 65535.Name must be an IANA_SVC_NAME.

Optional:

- `host` (String) Optional: Host name to connect to, defaults to the pod IP.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers--resize_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers.resize_policy`

Required:

- `resource_name` (String) Name of the resource to which this resource resize policy applies.Supported values: cpu, memory.
- `restart_policy` (String) Restart policy to apply when specified resource is resized.If not specified, it defaults to NotRequired.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims,that are used by this container.This is an alpha field and requires enabling theDynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required.If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified,otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers.resources.claims`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims ofthe Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource availableinside a container.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers--security_context"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers.security_context`

Optional:

- `allow_privilege_escalation` (Boolean) AllowPrivilegeEscalation controls whether a process can gain moreprivileges than its parent process. This bool directly controls ifthe no_new_privs flag will be set on the container process.AllowPrivilegeEscalation is true always when the container is:1) run as Privileged2) has CAP_SYS_ADMINNote that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `app_armor_profile` (Attributes) appArmorProfile is the AppArmor options to use by this container. If set, this profileoverrides the pod's appArmorProfile.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers--security_context--app_armor_profile))
- `capabilities` (Attributes) The capabilities to add/drop when running containers.Defaults to the default set of capabilities granted by the container runtime.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers--security_context--capabilities))
- `privileged` (Boolean) Run container in privileged mode.Processes in privileged containers are essentially equivalent to root on the host.Defaults to false.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `proc_mount` (String) procMount denotes the type of proc mount to use for the containers.The default is DefaultProcMount which uses the container runtime defaults forreadonly paths and masked paths.This requires the ProcMountType feature flag to be enabled.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `read_only_root_filesystem` (Boolean) Whether this container has a read-only root filesystem.Default is false.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `run_as_group` (Number) The GID to run the entrypoint of the container process.Uses runtime default if unset.May also be set in PodSecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `run_as_non_root` (Boolean) Indicates that the container must run as a non-root user.If true, the Kubelet will validate the image at runtime to ensure that itdoes not run as UID 0 (root) and fail to start the container if it does.If unset or false, no such validation will be performed.May also be set in PodSecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.
- `run_as_user` (Number) The UID to run the entrypoint of the container process.Defaults to user specified in image metadata if unspecified.May also be set in PodSecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows.
- `se_linux_options` (Attributes) The SELinux context to be applied to the container.If unspecified, the container runtime will allocate a random SELinux context for eachcontainer.  May also be set in PodSecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers--security_context--se_linux_options))
- `seccomp_profile` (Attributes) The seccomp options to use by this container. If seccomp options areprovided at both the pod & container level, the container optionsoverride the pod options.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers--security_context--seccomp_profile))
- `windows_options` (Attributes) The Windows specific settings applied to all containers.If unspecified, the options from the PodSecurityContext will be used.If set in both SecurityContext and PodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is linux. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers--security_context--windows_options))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers--security_context--app_armor_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers.security_context.app_armor_profile`

Required:

- `type` (String) type indicates which kind of AppArmor profile will be applied.Valid options are:  Localhost - a profile pre-loaded on the node.  RuntimeDefault - the container runtime's default profile.  Unconfined - no AppArmor enforcement.

Optional:

- `localhost_profile` (String) localhostProfile indicates a profile loaded on the node that should be used.The profile must be preconfigured on the node to work.Must match the loaded name of the profile.Must be set if and only if type is 'Localhost'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers--security_context--capabilities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers.security_context.capabilities`

Optional:

- `add` (List of String) Added capabilities
- `drop` (List of String) Removed capabilities


<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers--security_context--se_linux_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers.security_context.se_linux_options`

Optional:

- `level` (String) Level is SELinux level label that applies to the container.
- `role` (String) Role is a SELinux role label that applies to the container.
- `type` (String) Type is a SELinux type label that applies to the container.
- `user` (String) User is a SELinux user label that applies to the container.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers--security_context--seccomp_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers.security_context.seccomp_profile`

Required:

- `type` (String) type indicates which kind of seccomp profile will be applied.Valid options are:Localhost - a profile defined in a file on the node should be used.RuntimeDefault - the container runtime default profile should be used.Unconfined - no profile should be applied.

Optional:

- `localhost_profile` (String) localhostProfile indicates a profile defined in a file on the node should be used.The profile must be preconfigured on the node to work.Must be a descending path, relative to the kubelet's configured seccomp profile location.Must be set if type is 'Localhost'. Must NOT be set for any other type.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers--security_context--windows_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers.security_context.windows_options`

Optional:

- `gmsa_credential_spec` (String) GMSACredentialSpec is where the GMSA admission webhook(https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/windows-gmsa) inlines the contents of theGMSA credential spec named by the GMSACredentialSpecName field.
- `gmsa_credential_spec_name` (String) GMSACredentialSpecName is the name of the GMSA credential spec to use.
- `host_process` (Boolean) HostProcess determines if a container should be run as a 'Host Process' container.All of a Pod's containers must have the same effective HostProcess value(it is not allowed to have a mix of HostProcess containers and non-HostProcess containers).In addition, if HostProcess is true then HostNetwork must also be set to true.
- `run_as_user_name` (String) The UserName in Windows to run the entrypoint of the container process.Defaults to the user specified in image metadata if unspecified.May also be set in PodSecurityContext. If set in both SecurityContext andPodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers--startup_probe"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers.startup_probe`

Optional:

- `exec` (Attributes) Exec specifies the action to take. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers--startup_probe--exec))
- `failure_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive failures for the probe to be considered failed after having succeeded.Defaults to 3. Minimum value is 1.
- `grpc` (Attributes) GRPC specifies an action involving a GRPC port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers--startup_probe--grpc))
- `http_get` (Attributes) HTTPGet specifies the http request to perform. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers--startup_probe--http_get))
- `initial_delay_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds after the container has started before liveness probes are initiated.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle#container-probes
- `period_seconds` (Number) How often (in seconds) to perform the probe.Default to 10 seconds. Minimum value is 1.
- `success_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive successes for the probe to be considered successful after having failed.Defaults to 1. Must be 1 for liveness and startup. Minimum value is 1.
- `tcp_socket` (Attributes) TCPSocket specifies an action involving a TCP port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers--startup_probe--tcp_socket))
- `termination_grace_period_seconds` (Number) Optional duration in seconds the pod needs to terminate gracefully upon probe failure.The grace period is the duration in seconds after the processes running in the pod are senta termination signal and the time when the processes are forcibly halted with a kill signal.Set this value longer than the expected cleanup time for your process.If this value is nil, the pod's terminationGracePeriodSeconds will be used. Otherwise, thisvalue overrides the value provided by the pod spec.Value must be non-negative integer. The value zero indicates stop immediately viathe kill signal (no opportunity to shut down).This is a beta field and requires enabling ProbeTerminationGracePeriod feature gate.Minimum value is 1. spec.terminationGracePeriodSeconds is used if unset.
- `timeout_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds after which the probe times out.Defaults to 1 second. Minimum value is 1.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle#container-probes

<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers--startup_probe--exec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers.startup_probe.exec`

Optional:

- `command` (List of String) Command is the command line to execute inside the container, the working directory for thecommand  is root ('/') in the container's filesystem. The command is simply exec'd, it isnot run inside a shell, so traditional shell instructions ('|', etc) won't work. To usea shell, you need to explicitly call out to that shell.Exit status of 0 is treated as live/healthy and non-zero is unhealthy.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers--startup_probe--grpc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers.startup_probe.grpc`

Required:

- `port` (Number) Port number of the gRPC service. Number must be in the range 1 to 65535.

Optional:

- `service` (String) Service is the name of the service to place in the gRPC HealthCheckRequest(see https://github.com/grpc/grpc/blob/master/doc/health-checking.md).If this is not specified, the default behavior is defined by gRPC.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers--startup_probe--http_get"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers.startup_probe.http_get`

Required:

- `port` (String) Name or number of the port to access on the container.Number must be in the range 1 to 65535.Name must be an IANA_SVC_NAME.

Optional:

- `host` (String) Host name to connect to, defaults to the pod IP. You probably want to set'Host' in httpHeaders instead.
- `http_headers` (Attributes List) Custom headers to set in the request. HTTP allows repeated headers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_containers--startup_probe--http_get--http_headers))
- `path` (String) Path to access on the HTTP server.
- `scheme` (String) Scheme to use for connecting to the host.Defaults to HTTP.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers--startup_probe--http_get--http_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers.startup_probe.http_get.http_headers`

Required:

- `name` (String) The header field name.This will be canonicalized upon output, so case-variant names will be understood as the same header.
- `value` (String) The header field value



<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers--startup_probe--tcp_socket"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers.startup_probe.tcp_socket`

Required:

- `port` (String) Number or name of the port to access on the container.Number must be in the range 1 to 65535.Name must be an IANA_SVC_NAME.

Optional:

- `host` (String) Optional: Host name to connect to, defaults to the pod IP.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers--volume_devices"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers.volume_devices`

Required:

- `device_path` (String) devicePath is the path inside of the container that the device will be mapped to.
- `name` (String) name must match the name of a persistentVolumeClaim in the pod


<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_containers--volume_mounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_containers.volume_mounts`

Required:

- `mount_path` (String) Path within the container at which the volume should be mounted.  Mustnot contain ':'.
- `name` (String) This must match the Name of a Volume.

Optional:

- `mount_propagation` (String) mountPropagation determines how mounts are propagated from the hostto container and the other way around.When not set, MountPropagationNone is used.This field is beta in 1.10.When RecursiveReadOnly is set to IfPossible or to Enabled, MountPropagation must be None or unspecified(which defaults to None).
- `read_only` (Boolean) Mounted read-only if true, read-write otherwise (false or unspecified).Defaults to false.
- `recursive_read_only` (String) RecursiveReadOnly specifies whether read-only mounts should be handledrecursively.If ReadOnly is false, this field has no meaning and must be unspecified.If ReadOnly is true, and this field is set to Disabled, the mount is not maderecursively read-only.  If this field is set to IfPossible, the mount is maderecursively read-only, if it is supported by the container runtime.  If thisfield is set to Enabled, the mount is made recursively read-only if it issupported by the container runtime, otherwise the pod will not be started andan error will be generated to indicate the reason.If this field is set to IfPossible or Enabled, MountPropagation must be set toNone (or be unspecified, which defaults to None).If this field is not specified, it is treated as an equivalent of Disabled.
- `sub_path` (String) Path within the volume from which the container's volume should be mounted.Defaults to '' (volume's root).
- `sub_path_expr` (String) Expanded path within the volume from which the container's volume should be mounted.Behaves similarly to SubPath but environment variable references $(VAR_NAME) are expanded using the container's environment.Defaults to '' (volume's root).SubPathExpr and SubPath are mutually exclusive.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims,that are used by this container.This is an alpha field and requires enabling theDynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required.If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified,otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources.claims`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims ofthe Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource availableinside a container.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--tolerations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tolerations`

Optional:

- `effect` (String) Effect indicates the taint effect to match. Empty means match all taint effects.When specified, allowed values are NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Key is the taint key that the toleration applies to. Empty means match all taint keys.If the key is empty, operator must be Exists; this combination means to match all values and all keys.
- `operator` (String) Operator represents a key's relationship to the value.Valid operators are Exists and Equal. Defaults to Equal.Exists is equivalent to wildcard for value, so that a pod cantolerate all taints of a particular category.
- `toleration_seconds` (Number) TolerationSeconds represents the period of time the toleration (which must beof effect NoExecute, otherwise this field is ignored) tolerates the taint. By default,it is not set, which means tolerate the taint forever (do not evict). Zero andnegative values will be treated as 0 (evict immediately) by the system.
- `value` (String) Value is the taint value the toleration matches to.If the operator is Exists, the value should be empty, otherwise just a regular string.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--volume_mounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume_mounts`

Required:

- `mount_path` (String) Path within the container at which the volume should be mounted.  Mustnot contain ':'.
- `name` (String) This must match the Name of a Volume.

Optional:

- `mount_propagation` (String) mountPropagation determines how mounts are propagated from the hostto container and the other way around.When not set, MountPropagationNone is used.This field is beta in 1.10.When RecursiveReadOnly is set to IfPossible or to Enabled, MountPropagation must be None or unspecified(which defaults to None).
- `read_only` (Boolean) Mounted read-only if true, read-write otherwise (false or unspecified).Defaults to false.
- `recursive_read_only` (String) RecursiveReadOnly specifies whether read-only mounts should be handledrecursively.If ReadOnly is false, this field has no meaning and must be unspecified.If ReadOnly is true, and this field is set to Disabled, the mount is not maderecursively read-only.  If this field is set to IfPossible, the mount is maderecursively read-only, if it is supported by the container runtime.  If thisfield is set to Enabled, the mount is made recursively read-only if it issupported by the container runtime, otherwise the pod will not be started andan error will be generated to indicate the reason.If this field is set to IfPossible or Enabled, MountPropagation must be set toNone (or be unspecified, which defaults to None).If this field is not specified, it is treated as an equivalent of Disabled.
- `sub_path` (String) Path within the volume from which the container's volume should be mounted.Defaults to '' (volume's root).
- `sub_path_expr` (String) Expanded path within the volume from which the container's volume should be mounted.Behaves similarly to SubPath but environment variable references $(VAR_NAME) are expanded using the container's environment.Defaults to '' (volume's root).SubPathExpr and SubPath are mutually exclusive.
