---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_pkg_crossplane_io_provider_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "pkg.crossplane.io"
description: |-
  Provider is the CRD type for a request to add a provider to Crossplane.
---

# k8s_pkg_crossplane_io_provider_v1_manifest (Data Source)

Provider is the CRD type for a request to add a provider to Crossplane.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_pkg_crossplane_io_provider_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) ProviderSpec specifies details about a request to install a provider toCrossplane. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `package` (String) Package is the name of the package that is being requested.

Optional:

- `common_labels` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize(scope and select) objects. May match selectors of replication controllersand services.More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/labels
- `controller_config_ref` (Attributes) ControllerConfigRef references a ControllerConfig resource that will beused to configure the packaged controller Deployment.Deprecated: Use RuntimeConfigReference instead. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--controller_config_ref))
- `ignore_crossplane_constraints` (Boolean) IgnoreCrossplaneConstraints indicates to the package manager whether tohonor Crossplane version constrains specified by the package.Default is false.
- `package_pull_policy` (String) PackagePullPolicy defines the pull policy for the package.Default is IfNotPresent.
- `package_pull_secrets` (Attributes List) PackagePullSecrets are named secrets in the same namespace that can be usedto fetch packages from private registries. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--package_pull_secrets))
- `revision_activation_policy` (String) RevisionActivationPolicy specifies how the package controller shouldupdate from one revision to the next. Options are Automatic or Manual.Default is Automatic.
- `revision_history_limit` (Number) RevisionHistoryLimit dictates how the package controller cleans up oldinactive package revisions.Defaults to 1. Can be disabled by explicitly setting to 0.
- `runtime_config_ref` (Attributes) RuntimeConfigRef references a RuntimeConfig resource that will be usedto configure the package runtime. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runtime_config_ref))
- `skip_dependency_resolution` (Boolean) SkipDependencyResolution indicates to the package manager whether to skipresolving dependencies for a package. Setting this value to true may haveunintended consequences.Default is false.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--controller_config_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.controller_config_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the ControllerConfig.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--package_pull_secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.package_pull_secrets`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?


<a id="nestedatt--spec--runtime_config_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runtime_config_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the RuntimeConfig.

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent.
