---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_pkg_crossplane_io_provider_revision_v1 Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "pkg.crossplane.io"
description: |-
  A ProviderRevision that has been added to Crossplane.
---

# k8s_pkg_crossplane_io_provider_revision_v1 (Data Source)

A ProviderRevision that has been added to Crossplane.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_pkg_crossplane_io_provider_revision_v1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) The API group of the requested resource.
- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.
- `kind` (String) The type of the requested resource.
- `spec` (Attributes) PackageRevisionSpec specifies the desired state of a PackageRevision. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Read-Only:

- `common_labels` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize (scope and select) objects. May match selectors of replication controllers and services. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/labels
- `controller_config_ref` (Attributes) ControllerConfigRef references a ControllerConfig resource that will be used to configure the packaged controller Deployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--controller_config_ref))
- `desired_state` (String) DesiredState of the PackageRevision. Can be either Active or Inactive.
- `ess_tls_secret_name` (String) ESSTLSSecretName is the secret name of the TLS certificates that will be used by the provider for External Secret Stores.
- `ignore_crossplane_constraints` (Boolean) IgnoreCrossplaneConstraints indicates to the package manager whether to honor Crossplane version constrains specified by the package. Default is false.
- `image` (String) Package image used by install Pod to extract package contents.
- `package_pull_policy` (String) PackagePullPolicy defines the pull policy for the package. It is also applied to any images pulled for the package, such as a provider's controller image. Default is IfNotPresent.
- `package_pull_secrets` (Attributes List) PackagePullSecrets are named secrets in the same namespace that can be used to fetch packages from private registries. They are also applied to any images pulled for the package, such as a provider's controller image. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--package_pull_secrets))
- `revision` (Number) Revision number. Indicates when the revision will be garbage collected based on the parent's RevisionHistoryLimit.
- `skip_dependency_resolution` (Boolean) SkipDependencyResolution indicates to the package manager whether to skip resolving dependencies for a package. Setting this value to true may have unintended consequences. Default is false.
- `tls_client_secret_name` (String) TLSClientSecretName is the name of the TLS Secret that stores client certificates of the Provider.
- `tls_server_secret_name` (String) TLSServerSecretName is the name of the TLS Secret that stores server certificates of the Provider.
- `webhook_tls_secret_name` (String) WebhookTLSSecretName is the name of the TLS Secret that will be used by the provider to serve a TLS-enabled webhook server. The certificate will be injected to webhook configurations as well as CRD conversion webhook strategy if needed. If it's not given, provider will not have a certificate mounted to its filesystem, webhook configurations won't be deployed and if there is a CRD with webhook conversion strategy, the installation will fail.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--controller_config_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.controller_config_ref`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the ControllerConfig.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--package_pull_secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.package_pull_secrets`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
