---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_pkg_crossplane_io_configuration_revision_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "pkg.crossplane.io"
description: |-
  A ConfigurationRevision represents a revision of a Configuration. Crossplane creates new revisions when there are changes to a Configuration. Crossplane creates and manages ConfigurationRevision. Don't directly edit ConfigurationRevisions.
---

# k8s_pkg_crossplane_io_configuration_revision_v1_manifest (Data Source)

A ConfigurationRevision represents a revision of a Configuration. Crossplane creates new revisions when there are changes to a Configuration. Crossplane creates and manages ConfigurationRevision. Don't directly edit ConfigurationRevisions.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_pkg_crossplane_io_configuration_revision_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) PackageRevisionSpec specifies the desired state of a PackageRevision. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `desired_state` (String) DesiredState of the PackageRevision. Can be either Active or Inactive.
- `image` (String) Package image used by install Pod to extract package contents.
- `revision` (Number) Revision number. Indicates when the revision will be garbage collected based on the parent's RevisionHistoryLimit.

Optional:

- `common_labels` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize (scope and select) objects. May match selectors of replication controllers and services. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/
- `ignore_crossplane_constraints` (Boolean) IgnoreCrossplaneConstraints indicates to the package manager whether to honor Crossplane version constrains specified by the package. Default is false.
- `package_pull_policy` (String) PackagePullPolicy defines the pull policy for the package. It is also applied to any images pulled for the package, such as a provider's controller image. Default is IfNotPresent.
- `package_pull_secrets` (Attributes List) PackagePullSecrets are named secrets in the same namespace that can be used to fetch packages from private registries. They are also applied to any images pulled for the package, such as a provider's controller image. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--package_pull_secrets))
- `skip_dependency_resolution` (Boolean) SkipDependencyResolution indicates to the package manager whether to skip resolving dependencies for a package. Setting this value to true may have unintended consequences. Default is false.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--package_pull_secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.package_pull_secrets`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. This field is effectively required, but due to backwards compatibility is allowed to be empty. Instances of this type with an empty value here are almost certainly wrong. TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid? More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Drop 'kubebuilder:default' when controller-gen doesn't need it https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder/issues/3896.
