---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_pkg_crossplane_io_provider_revision_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "pkg.crossplane.io"
description: |-
  A ProviderRevision that has been added to Crossplane.
---

# k8s_pkg_crossplane_io_provider_revision_v1_manifest (Data Source)

A ProviderRevision that has been added to Crossplane.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_pkg_crossplane_io_provider_revision_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) ProviderRevisionSpec specifies configuration for a ProviderRevision. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `desired_state` (String) DesiredState of the PackageRevision. Can be either Active or Inactive.
- `image` (String) Package image used by install Pod to extract package contents.
- `revision` (Number) Revision number. Indicates when the revision will be garbage collectedbased on the parent's RevisionHistoryLimit.

Optional:

- `common_labels` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize(scope and select) objects. May match selectors of replication controllersand services.More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/labels
- `controller_config_ref` (Attributes) ControllerConfigRef references a ControllerConfig resource that will beused to configure the packaged controller Deployment.Deprecated: Use RuntimeConfigReference instead. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--controller_config_ref))
- `ignore_crossplane_constraints` (Boolean) IgnoreCrossplaneConstraints indicates to the package manager whether tohonor Crossplane version constrains specified by the package.Default is false.
- `package_pull_policy` (String) PackagePullPolicy defines the pull policy for the package. It is alsoapplied to any images pulled for the package, such as a provider'scontroller image.Default is IfNotPresent.
- `package_pull_secrets` (Attributes List) PackagePullSecrets are named secrets in the same namespace that can beused to fetch packages from private registries. They are also applied toany images pulled for the package, such as a provider's controller image. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--package_pull_secrets))
- `runtime_config_ref` (Attributes) RuntimeConfigRef references a RuntimeConfig resource that will be usedto configure the package runtime. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--runtime_config_ref))
- `skip_dependency_resolution` (Boolean) SkipDependencyResolution indicates to the package manager whether to skipresolving dependencies for a package. Setting this value to true may haveunintended consequences.Default is false.
- `tls_client_secret_name` (String) TLSClientSecretName is the name of the TLS Secret that stores clientcertificates of the Provider.
- `tls_server_secret_name` (String) TLSServerSecretName is the name of the TLS Secret that stores servercertificates of the Provider.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--controller_config_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.controller_config_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the ControllerConfig.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--package_pull_secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.package_pull_secrets`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?


<a id="nestedatt--spec--runtime_config_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runtime_config_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the RuntimeConfig.

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent.
