---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_platform_openshift_io_platform_operator_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "platform.openshift.io"
description: |-
  PlatformOperator is the Schema for the PlatformOperators API.  Compatibility level 4: No compatibility is provided, the API can change at any point for any reason. These capabilities should not be used by applications needing long term support.
---

# k8s_platform_openshift_io_platform_operator_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

PlatformOperator is the Schema for the PlatformOperators API.  Compatibility level 4: No compatibility is provided, the API can change at any point for any reason. These capabilities should not be used by applications needing long term support.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_platform_openshift_io_platform_operator_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) PlatformOperatorSpec defines the desired state of PlatformOperator. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `package` (Attributes) package contains the desired package and its configuration for this PlatformOperator. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--package))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--package"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.package`

Required:

- `name` (String) name contains the desired OLM-based Operator package name that is defined in an existing CatalogSource resource in the cluster.  This configured package will be managed with the cluster's lifecycle. In the current implementation, it will be retrieving this name from a list of supported operators out of the catalogs included with OpenShift.  ---
