---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_policy_pod_disruption_budget_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "policy"
description: |-
  PodDisruptionBudget is an object to define the max disruption that can be caused to a collection of pods
---

# k8s_policy_pod_disruption_budget_v1_manifest (Data Source)

PodDisruptionBudget is an object to define the max disruption that can be caused to a collection of pods

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_policy_pod_disruption_budget_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
  spec = {
    max_unavailable = "20%"

    selector = {
      match_labels = {
        test = "MyExampleApp"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) PodDisruptionBudgetSpec is a description of a PodDisruptionBudget. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `max_unavailable` (String) IntOrString is a type that can hold an int32 or a string.  When used in JSON or YAML marshalling and unmarshalling, it produces or consumes the inner type.  This allows you to have, for example, a JSON field that can accept a name or number.
- `min_available` (String) IntOrString is a type that can hold an int32 or a string.  When used in JSON or YAML marshalling and unmarshalling, it produces or consumes the inner type.  This allows you to have, for example, a JSON field that can accept a name or number.
- `selector` (Attributes) A label selector is a label query over a set of resources. The result of matchLabels and matchExpressions are ANDed. An empty label selector matches all objects. A null label selector matches no objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--selector))
- `unhealthy_pod_eviction_policy` (String) UnhealthyPodEvictionPolicy defines the criteria for when unhealthy pods should be considered for eviction. Current implementation considers healthy pods, as pods that have status.conditions item with type='Ready',status='True'.Valid policies are IfHealthyBudget and AlwaysAllow. If no policy is specified, the default behavior will be used, which corresponds to the IfHealthyBudget policy.IfHealthyBudget policy means that running pods (status.phase='Running'), but not yet healthy can be evicted only if the guarded application is not disrupted (status.currentHealthy is at least equal to status.desiredHealthy). Healthy pods will be subject to the PDB for eviction.AlwaysAllow policy means that all running pods (status.phase='Running'), but not yet healthy are considered disrupted and can be evicted regardless of whether the criteria in a PDB is met. This means perspective running pods of a disrupted application might not get a chance to become healthy. Healthy pods will be subject to the PDB for eviction.Additional policies may be added in the future. Clients making eviction decisions should disallow eviction of unhealthy pods if they encounter an unrecognized policy in this field.This field is beta-level. The eviction API uses this field when the feature gate PDBUnhealthyPodEvictionPolicy is enabled (enabled by default).

<a id="nestedatt--spec--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.
