---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_policy_karmada_io_cluster_propagation_policy_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "policy.karmada.io"
description: |-
  ClusterPropagationPolicy represents the cluster-wide policy that propagates a group of resources to one or more clusters.Different with PropagationPolicy that could only propagate resources in its own namespace, ClusterPropagationPolicyis able to propagate cluster level resources and resources in any namespace other than system reserved ones.System reserved namespaces are: karmada-system, karmada-cluster, karmada-es-*.
---

# k8s_policy_karmada_io_cluster_propagation_policy_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

ClusterPropagationPolicy represents the cluster-wide policy that propagates a group of resources to one or more clusters.Different with PropagationPolicy that could only propagate resources in its own namespace, ClusterPropagationPolicyis able to propagate cluster level resources and resources in any namespace other than system reserved ones.System reserved namespaces are: karmada-system, karmada-cluster, karmada-es-*.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_policy_karmada_io_cluster_propagation_policy_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"
  }
  spec = {
    resource_selectors = []
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) Spec represents the desired behavior of ClusterPropagationPolicy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `resource_selectors` (Attributes List) ResourceSelectors used to select resources.Nil or empty selector is not allowed and doesn't mean match all kindsof resources for security concerns that sensitive resources(like Secret)might be accidentally propagated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resource_selectors))

Optional:

- `activation_preference` (String) ActivationPreference indicates how the referencing resource template willbe propagated, in case of policy changes.If empty, the resource template will respond to policy changesimmediately, in other words, any policy changes will drive the resourcetemplate to be propagated immediately as per the current propagation rules.If the value is 'Lazy' means the policy changes will not take effect for nowbut defer to the resource template changes, in other words, the resourcetemplate will not be propagated as per the current propagation rules untilthere is an update on it.This is an experimental feature that might help in a scenario where a policymanages huge amount of resource templates, changes to a policy typicallyaffect numerous applications simultaneously. A minor misconfigurationcould lead to widespread failures. With this feature, the change can begradually rolled out through iterative modifications of resource templates.
- `association` (Boolean) Association tells if relevant resources should be selected automatically.e.g. a ConfigMap referred by a Deployment.default false.Deprecated: in favor of PropagateDeps.
- `conflict_resolution` (String) ConflictResolution declares how potential conflict should be handled whena resource that is being propagated already exists in the target cluster.It defaults to 'Abort' which means stop propagating to avoid unexpectedoverwrites. The 'Overwrite' might be useful when migrating legacy clusterresources to Karmada, in which case conflict is predictable and can beinstructed to Karmada take over the resource by overwriting.
- `dependent_overrides` (List of String) DependentOverrides represents the list of overrides(OverridePolicy)which must present before the current PropagationPolicy takes effect.It used to explicitly specify overrides which current PropagationPolicy rely on.A typical scenario is the users create OverridePolicy(ies) and resources at the same time,they want to ensure the new-created policies would be adopted.Note: For the overrides, OverridePolicy(ies) in current namespace and ClusterOverridePolicy(ies),which not present in this list will still be applied if they matches the resources.
- `failover` (Attributes) Failover indicates how Karmada migrates applications in case of failures.If this value is nil, failover is disabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--failover))
- `placement` (Attributes) Placement represents the rule for select clusters to propagate resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--placement))
- `preemption` (String) Preemption declares the behaviors for preempting.Valid options are 'Always' and 'Never'.
- `priority` (Number) Priority indicates the importance of a policy(PropagationPolicy or ClusterPropagationPolicy).A policy will be applied for the matched resource templates if there isno other policies with higher priority at the point of the resourcetemplate be processed.Once a resource template has been claimed by a policy, by default it willnot be preempted by following policies even with a higher priority.See Preemption for more details.In case of two policies have the same priority, the one with a more precisematching rules in ResourceSelectors wins:- matching by name(resourceSelector.name) has higher priority than  by selector(resourceSelector.labelSelector)- matching by selector(resourceSelector.labelSelector) has higher priority  than by APIVersion(resourceSelector.apiVersion) and Kind(resourceSelector.kind).If there is still no winner at this point, the one with the lower alphabeticorder wins, e.g. policy 'bar' has higher priority than 'foo'.The higher the value, the higher the priority. Defaults to zero.
- `propagate_deps` (Boolean) PropagateDeps tells if relevant resources should be propagated automatically.Take 'Deployment' which referencing 'ConfigMap' and 'Secret' as an example, when 'propagateDeps' is 'true',the referencing resources could be omitted(for saving config effort) from 'resourceSelectors' as they will bepropagated along with the Deployment. In addition to the propagating process, the referencing resources will bemigrated along with the Deployment in the fail-over scenario.Defaults to false.
- `scheduler_name` (String) SchedulerName represents which scheduler to proceed the scheduling.If specified, the policy will be dispatched by specified scheduler.If not specified, the policy will be dispatched by default scheduler.
- `suspension` (Attributes) Suspension declares the policy for suspending different aspects of propagation.nil means no suspension. no default values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--suspension))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resource_selectors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resource_selectors`

Required:

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion represents the API version of the target resources.
- `kind` (String) Kind represents the Kind of the target resources.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources.If name is not empty, labelSelector will be ignored. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resource_selectors--label_selector))
- `name` (String) Name of the target resource.Default is empty, which means selecting all resources.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the target resource.Default is empty, which means inherit from the parent object scope.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resource_selectors--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resource_selectors.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resource_selectors--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resource_selectors--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resource_selectors.label_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--failover"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.failover`

Optional:

- `application` (Attributes) Application indicates failover behaviors in case of application failure.If this value is nil, failover is disabled.If set, the PropagateDeps should be true so that the dependencies couldbe migrated along with the application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--failover--application))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--failover--application"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.failover.application`

Required:

- `decision_conditions` (Attributes) DecisionConditions indicates the decision conditions of performing the failover process.Only when all conditions are met can the failover process be performed.Currently, DecisionConditions includes several conditions:- TolerationSeconds (optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--failover--application--decision_conditions))

Optional:

- `grace_period_seconds` (Number) GracePeriodSeconds is the maximum waiting duration in seconds beforeapplication on the migrated cluster should be deleted.Required only when PurgeMode is 'Graciously' and defaults to 600s.If the application on the new cluster cannot reach a Healthy state,Karmada will delete the application after GracePeriodSeconds is reached.Value must be positive integer.
- `purge_mode` (String) PurgeMode represents how to deal with the legacy applications on thecluster from which the application is migrated.Valid options are 'Immediately', 'Graciously' and 'Never'.Defaults to 'Graciously'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--failover--application--decision_conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.failover.application.decision_conditions`

Optional:

- `toleration_seconds` (Number) TolerationSeconds represents the period of time Karmada should waitafter reaching the desired state before performing failover process.If not specified, Karmada will immediately perform failover process.Defaults to 300s.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--placement"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.placement`

Optional:

- `cluster_affinities` (Attributes List) ClusterAffinities represents scheduling restrictions to multiple clustergroups that indicated by ClusterAffinityTerm.The scheduler will evaluate these groups one by one in the order theyappear in the spec, the group that does not satisfy scheduling restrictionswill be ignored which means all clusters in this group will not be selectedunless it also belongs to the next group(a cluster could belong to multiplegroups).If none of the groups satisfy the scheduling restrictions, then schedulingfails, which means no cluster will be selected.Note:  1. ClusterAffinities can not co-exist with ClusterAffinity.  2. If both ClusterAffinity and ClusterAffinities are not set, any cluster     can be scheduling candidates.Potential use case 1:The private clusters in the local data center could be the main group, andthe managed clusters provided by cluster providers could be the secondarygroup. So that the Karmada scheduler would prefer to schedule workloadsto the main group and the second group will only be considered in case ofthe main group does not satisfy restrictions(like, lack of resources).Potential use case 2:For the disaster recovery scenario, the clusters could be organized toprimary and backup groups, the workloads would be scheduled to primaryclusters firstly, and when primary cluster fails(like data center power off),Karmada scheduler could migrate workloads to the backup clusters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--placement--cluster_affinities))
- `cluster_affinity` (Attributes) ClusterAffinity represents scheduling restrictions to a certain set of clusters.Note:  1. ClusterAffinity can not co-exist with ClusterAffinities.  2. If both ClusterAffinity and ClusterAffinities are not set, any cluster     can be scheduling candidates. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--placement--cluster_affinity))
- `cluster_tolerations` (Attributes List) ClusterTolerations represents the tolerations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--placement--cluster_tolerations))
- `replica_scheduling` (Attributes) ReplicaScheduling represents the scheduling policy on dealing with the number of replicaswhen propagating resources that have replicas in spec (e.g. deployments, statefulsets) to member clusters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--placement--replica_scheduling))
- `spread_constraints` (Attributes List) SpreadConstraints represents a list of the scheduling constraints. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--placement--spread_constraints))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--placement--cluster_affinities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.placement.cluster_affinities`

Required:

- `affinity_name` (String) AffinityName is the name of the cluster group.

Optional:

- `cluster_names` (List of String) ClusterNames is the list of clusters to be selected.
- `exclude` (List of String) ExcludedClusters is the list of clusters to be ignored.
- `field_selector` (Attributes) FieldSelector is a filter to select member clusters by fields.The key(field) of the match expression should be 'provider', 'region', or 'zone',and the operator of the match expression should be 'In' or 'NotIn'.If non-nil and non-empty, only the clusters match this filter will be selected. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--placement--cluster_affinities--field_selector))
- `label_selector` (Attributes) LabelSelector is a filter to select member clusters by labels.If non-nil and non-empty, only the clusters match this filter will be selected. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--placement--cluster_affinities--label_selector))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--placement--cluster_affinities--field_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.placement.cluster_affinities.field_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) A list of field selector requirements. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--placement--cluster_affinities--field_selector--match_expressions))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--placement--cluster_affinities--field_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.placement.cluster_affinities.field_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the valuesarray must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer.This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--placement--cluster_affinities--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.placement.cluster_affinities.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--placement--cluster_affinities--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--placement--cluster_affinities--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.placement.cluster_affinities.label_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--placement--cluster_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.placement.cluster_affinity`

Optional:

- `cluster_names` (List of String) ClusterNames is the list of clusters to be selected.
- `exclude` (List of String) ExcludedClusters is the list of clusters to be ignored.
- `field_selector` (Attributes) FieldSelector is a filter to select member clusters by fields.The key(field) of the match expression should be 'provider', 'region', or 'zone',and the operator of the match expression should be 'In' or 'NotIn'.If non-nil and non-empty, only the clusters match this filter will be selected. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--placement--cluster_affinity--field_selector))
- `label_selector` (Attributes) LabelSelector is a filter to select member clusters by labels.If non-nil and non-empty, only the clusters match this filter will be selected. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--placement--cluster_affinity--label_selector))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--placement--cluster_affinity--field_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.placement.cluster_affinity.field_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) A list of field selector requirements. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--placement--cluster_affinity--field_selector--match_expressions))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--placement--cluster_affinity--field_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.placement.cluster_affinity.field_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the valuesarray must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer.This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--placement--cluster_affinity--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.placement.cluster_affinity.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--placement--cluster_affinity--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--placement--cluster_affinity--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.placement.cluster_affinity.label_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--placement--cluster_tolerations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.placement.cluster_tolerations`

Optional:

- `effect` (String) Effect indicates the taint effect to match. Empty means match all taint effects.When specified, allowed values are NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Key is the taint key that the toleration applies to. Empty means match all taint keys.If the key is empty, operator must be Exists; this combination means to match all values and all keys.
- `operator` (String) Operator represents a key's relationship to the value.Valid operators are Exists and Equal. Defaults to Equal.Exists is equivalent to wildcard for value, so that a pod cantolerate all taints of a particular category.
- `toleration_seconds` (Number) TolerationSeconds represents the period of time the toleration (which must beof effect NoExecute, otherwise this field is ignored) tolerates the taint. By default,it is not set, which means tolerate the taint forever (do not evict). Zero andnegative values will be treated as 0 (evict immediately) by the system.
- `value` (String) Value is the taint value the toleration matches to.If the operator is Exists, the value should be empty, otherwise just a regular string.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--placement--replica_scheduling"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.placement.replica_scheduling`

Optional:

- `replica_division_preference` (String) ReplicaDivisionPreference determines how the replicas is dividedwhen ReplicaSchedulingType is 'Divided'. Valid options are Aggregated and Weighted.'Aggregated' divides replicas into clusters as few as possible,while respecting clusters' resource availabilities during the division.'Weighted' divides replicas by weight according to WeightPreference.
- `replica_scheduling_type` (String) ReplicaSchedulingType determines how the replicas is scheduled when karmada propagatinga resource. Valid options are Duplicated and Divided.'Duplicated' duplicates the same replicas to each candidate member cluster from resource.'Divided' divides replicas into parts according to number of valid candidate memberclusters, and exact replicas for each cluster are determined by ReplicaDivisionPreference.
- `weight_preference` (Attributes) WeightPreference describes weight for each cluster or for each group of clusterIf ReplicaDivisionPreference is set to 'Weighted', and WeightPreference is not set, scheduler will weight all clusters the same. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--placement--replica_scheduling--weight_preference))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--placement--replica_scheduling--weight_preference"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.placement.replica_scheduling.weight_preference`

Optional:

- `dynamic_weight` (String) DynamicWeight specifies the factor to generates dynamic weight list.If specified, StaticWeightList will be ignored.
- `static_weight_list` (Attributes List) StaticWeightList defines the static cluster weight. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--placement--replica_scheduling--weight_preference--static_weight_list))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--placement--replica_scheduling--weight_preference--static_weight_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.placement.replica_scheduling.weight_preference.static_weight_list`

Required:

- `target_cluster` (Attributes) TargetCluster describes the filter to select clusters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--placement--replica_scheduling--weight_preference--static_weight_list--target_cluster))
- `weight` (Number) Weight expressing the preference to the cluster(s) specified by 'TargetCluster'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--placement--replica_scheduling--weight_preference--static_weight_list--target_cluster"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.placement.replica_scheduling.weight_preference.static_weight_list.target_cluster`

Optional:

- `cluster_names` (List of String) ClusterNames is the list of clusters to be selected.
- `exclude` (List of String) ExcludedClusters is the list of clusters to be ignored.
- `field_selector` (Attributes) FieldSelector is a filter to select member clusters by fields.The key(field) of the match expression should be 'provider', 'region', or 'zone',and the operator of the match expression should be 'In' or 'NotIn'.If non-nil and non-empty, only the clusters match this filter will be selected. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--placement--replica_scheduling--weight_preference--static_weight_list--target_cluster--field_selector))
- `label_selector` (Attributes) LabelSelector is a filter to select member clusters by labels.If non-nil and non-empty, only the clusters match this filter will be selected. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--placement--replica_scheduling--weight_preference--static_weight_list--target_cluster--label_selector))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--placement--replica_scheduling--weight_preference--static_weight_list--target_cluster--field_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.placement.replica_scheduling.weight_preference.static_weight_list.target_cluster.field_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) A list of field selector requirements. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--placement--replica_scheduling--weight_preference--static_weight_list--target_cluster--field_selector--match_expressions))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--placement--replica_scheduling--weight_preference--static_weight_list--target_cluster--field_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.placement.replica_scheduling.weight_preference.static_weight_list.target_cluster.field_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the valuesarray must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer.This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--placement--replica_scheduling--weight_preference--static_weight_list--target_cluster--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.placement.replica_scheduling.weight_preference.static_weight_list.target_cluster.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--placement--replica_scheduling--weight_preference--static_weight_list--target_cluster--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--placement--replica_scheduling--weight_preference--static_weight_list--target_cluster--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.placement.replica_scheduling.weight_preference.static_weight_list.target_cluster.label_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.







<a id="nestedatt--spec--placement--spread_constraints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.placement.spread_constraints`

Optional:

- `max_groups` (Number) MaxGroups restricts the maximum number of cluster groups to be selected.
- `min_groups` (Number) MinGroups restricts the minimum number of cluster groups to be selected.Defaults to 1.
- `spread_by_field` (String) SpreadByField represents the fields on Karmada cluster API used fordynamically grouping member clusters into different groups.Resources will be spread among different cluster groups.Available fields for spreading are: cluster, region, zone, and provider.SpreadByField should not co-exist with SpreadByLabel.If both SpreadByField and SpreadByLabel are empty, SpreadByField will be set to 'cluster' by system.
- `spread_by_label` (String) SpreadByLabel represents the label key used forgrouping member clusters into different groups.Resources will be spread among different cluster groups.SpreadByLabel should not co-exist with SpreadByField.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--suspension"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.suspension`

Optional:

- `dispatching` (Boolean) Dispatching controls whether dispatching should be suspended.nil means not suspend, no default value, only accepts 'true'.Note: true means stop propagating to all clusters. Can not co-existwith DispatchingOnClusters which is used to suspend particular clusters.
- `dispatching_on_clusters` (Attributes) DispatchingOnClusters declares a list of clusters to which the dispatchingshould be suspended.Note: Can not co-exist with Dispatching which is used to suspend all. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--suspension--dispatching_on_clusters))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--suspension--dispatching_on_clusters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.suspension.dispatching_on_clusters`

Optional:

- `cluster_names` (List of String) ClusterNames is the list of clusters to be selected.
