---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_policy_karmada_io_federated_resource_quota_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "policy.karmada.io"
description: |-
  FederatedResourceQuota sets aggregate quota restrictions enforced per namespace across all clusters.
---

# k8s_policy_karmada_io_federated_resource_quota_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

FederatedResourceQuota sets aggregate quota restrictions enforced per namespace across all clusters.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_policy_karmada_io_federated_resource_quota_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) Spec defines the desired quota. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `overall` (Map of String) Overall is the set of desired hard limits for each named resource.

Optional:

- `static_assignments` (Attributes List) StaticAssignments represents the subset of desired hard limits for each cluster. Note: for clusters not present in this list, Karmada will set an empty ResourceQuota to them, which means these clusters will have no quotas in the referencing namespace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--static_assignments))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--static_assignments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.static_assignments`

Required:

- `cluster_name` (String) ClusterName is the name of the cluster the limits enforce to.
- `hard` (Map of String) Hard is the set of desired hard limits for each named resource.
