---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_projectcontour_io_contour_configuration_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "projectcontour.io"
description: |-
  ContourConfiguration is the schema for a Contour instance.
---

# k8s_projectcontour_io_contour_configuration_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

ContourConfiguration is the schema for a Contour instance.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_projectcontour_io_contour_configuration_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) ContourConfigurationSpec represents a configuration of a Contour controller.It contains most of all the options that can be customized, theother remaining options being command line flags. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `debug` (Attributes) Debug contains parameters to enable debug loggingand debug interfaces inside Contour. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--debug))
- `enable_external_name_service` (Boolean) EnableExternalNameService allows processing of ExternalNameServicesContour's default is false for security reasons.
- `envoy` (Attributes) Envoy contains parameters for Envoy as wellas how to optionally configure a managed Envoy fleet. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--envoy))
- `feature_flags` (List of String) FeatureFlags defines toggle to enable new contour features.Available toggles are:useEndpointSlices - configures contour to fetch endpoint datafrom k8s endpoint slices. defaults to false and reading endpointdata from the k8s endpoints.
- `gateway` (Attributes) Gateway contains parameters for the gateway-api Gateway that Contouris configured to serve traffic. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--gateway))
- `global_ext_auth` (Attributes) GlobalExternalAuthorization allows envoys external authorization filterto be enabled for all virtual hosts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--global_ext_auth))
- `health` (Attributes) Health defines the endpoints Contour uses to serve health checks.Contour's default is { address: '0.0.0.0', port: 8000 }. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--health))
- `httpproxy` (Attributes) HTTPProxy defines parameters on HTTPProxy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--httpproxy))
- `ingress` (Attributes) Ingress contains parameters for ingress options. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ingress))
- `metrics` (Attributes) Metrics defines the endpoint Contour uses to serve metrics.Contour's default is { address: '0.0.0.0', port: 8000 }. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--metrics))
- `policy` (Attributes) Policy specifies default policy applied if not overridden by the user (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--policy))
- `rate_limit_service` (Attributes) RateLimitService optionally holds properties of the Rate Limit Serviceto be used for global rate limiting. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rate_limit_service))
- `tracing` (Attributes) Tracing defines properties for exporting trace data to OpenTelemetry. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tracing))
- `xds_server` (Attributes) XDSServer contains parameters for the xDS server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--xds_server))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--debug"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.debug`

Optional:

- `address` (String) Defines the Contour debug address interface.Contour's default is '127.0.0.1'.
- `port` (Number) Defines the Contour debug address port.Contour's default is 6060.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--envoy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.envoy`

Optional:

- `client_certificate` (Attributes) ClientCertificate defines the namespace/name of the Kubernetessecret containing the client certificate and private keyto be used when establishing TLS connection to upstreamcluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--envoy--client_certificate))
- `cluster` (Attributes) Cluster holds various configurable Envoy cluster values that canbe set in the config file. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--envoy--cluster))
- `default_http_versions` (List of String) DefaultHTTPVersions defines the default set of HTTPSversions the proxy should accept. HTTP versions arestrings of the form 'HTTP/xx'. Supported versions are'HTTP/1.1' and 'HTTP/2'.Values: 'HTTP/1.1', 'HTTP/2' (default: both).Other values will produce an error.
- `health` (Attributes) Health defines the endpoint Envoy uses to serve health checks.Contour's default is { address: '0.0.0.0', port: 8002 }. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--envoy--health))
- `http` (Attributes) Defines the HTTP Listener for Envoy.Contour's default is { address: '0.0.0.0', port: 8080, accessLog: '/dev/stdout' }. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--envoy--http))
- `https` (Attributes) Defines the HTTPS Listener for Envoy.Contour's default is { address: '0.0.0.0', port: 8443, accessLog: '/dev/stdout' }. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--envoy--https))
- `listener` (Attributes) Listener hold various configurable Envoy listener values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--envoy--listener))
- `logging` (Attributes) Logging defines how Envoy's logs can be configured. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--envoy--logging))
- `metrics` (Attributes) Metrics defines the endpoint Envoy uses to serve metrics.Contour's default is { address: '0.0.0.0', port: 8002 }. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--envoy--metrics))
- `network` (Attributes) Network holds various configurable Envoy network values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--envoy--network))
- `service` (Attributes) Service holds Envoy service parameters for setting Ingress status.Contour's default is { namespace: 'projectcontour', name: 'envoy' }. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--envoy--service))
- `timeouts` (Attributes) Timeouts holds various configurable timeouts that canbe set in the config file. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--envoy--timeouts))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--envoy--client_certificate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.envoy.client_certificate`

Required:

- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--envoy--cluster"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.envoy.cluster`

Optional:

- `circuit_breakers` (Attributes) GlobalCircuitBreakerDefaults specifies default circuit breaker budget across all services.If defined, this will be used as the default for all services. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--envoy--cluster--circuit_breakers))
- `dns_lookup_family` (String) DNSLookupFamily defines how external names are looked upWhen configured as V4, the DNS resolver will only perform a lookupfor addresses in the IPv4 family. If V6 is configured, the DNS resolverwill only perform a lookup for addresses in the IPv6 family.If AUTO is configured, the DNS resolver will first perform a lookupfor addresses in the IPv6 family and fallback to a lookup for addressesin the IPv4 family. If ALL is specified, the DNS resolver will perform a lookup forboth IPv4 and IPv6 families, and return all resolved addresses.When this is used, Happy Eyeballs will be enabled for upstream connections.Refer to Happy Eyeballs Support for more information.Note: This only applies to externalName clusters.See https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/api-v3/config/cluster/v3/cluster.proto.html#envoy-v3-api-enum-config-cluster-v3-cluster-dnslookupfamilyfor more information.Values: 'auto' (default), 'v4', 'v6', 'all'.Other values will produce an error.
- `max_requests_per_connection` (Number) Defines the maximum requests for upstream connections. If not specified, there is no limit.see https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/api-v3/config/core/v3/protocol.proto#envoy-v3-api-msg-config-core-v3-httpprotocoloptionsfor more information.
- `per_connection_buffer_limit_bytes` (Number) Defines the soft limit on size of the cluster’s new connection read and write buffers in bytes.If unspecified, an implementation defined default is applied (1MiB).see https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/api-v3/config/cluster/v3/cluster.proto#envoy-v3-api-field-config-cluster-v3-cluster-per-connection-buffer-limit-bytesfor more information.
- `upstream_tls` (Attributes) UpstreamTLS contains the TLS policy parameters for upstream connections (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--envoy--cluster--upstream_tls))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--envoy--cluster--circuit_breakers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.envoy.cluster.upstream_tls`

Optional:

- `max_connections` (Number) The maximum number of connections that a single Envoy instance allows to the Kubernetes Service; defaults to 1024.
- `max_pending_requests` (Number) The maximum number of pending requests that a single Envoy instance allows to the Kubernetes Service; defaults to 1024.
- `max_requests` (Number) The maximum parallel requests a single Envoy instance allows to the Kubernetes Service; defaults to 1024
- `max_retries` (Number) The maximum number of parallel retries a single Envoy instance allows to the Kubernetes Service; defaults to 3.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--envoy--cluster--upstream_tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.envoy.cluster.upstream_tls`

Optional:

- `cipher_suites` (List of String) CipherSuites defines the TLS ciphers to be supported by Envoy TLSlisteners when negotiating TLS 1.2. Ciphers are validated against theset that Envoy supports by default. This parameter should only be usedby advanced users. Note that these will be ignored when TLS 1.3 is inuse.This field is optional; when it is undefined, a Contour-managed ciphersuite listwill be used, which may be updated to keep it secure.Contour's default list is:  - '[ECDHE-ECDSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256|ECDHE-ECDSA-CHACHA20-POLY1305]'  - '[ECDHE-RSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256|ECDHE-RSA-CHACHA20-POLY1305]'  - 'ECDHE-ECDSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384'  - 'ECDHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384'Ciphers provided are validated against the following list:  - '[ECDHE-ECDSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256|ECDHE-ECDSA-CHACHA20-POLY1305]'  - '[ECDHE-RSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256|ECDHE-RSA-CHACHA20-POLY1305]'  - 'ECDHE-ECDSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256'  - 'ECDHE-RSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256'  - 'ECDHE-ECDSA-AES128-SHA'  - 'ECDHE-RSA-AES128-SHA'  - 'AES128-GCM-SHA256'  - 'AES128-SHA'  - 'ECDHE-ECDSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384'  - 'ECDHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384'  - 'ECDHE-ECDSA-AES256-SHA'  - 'ECDHE-RSA-AES256-SHA'  - 'AES256-GCM-SHA384'  - 'AES256-SHA'Contour recommends leaving this undefined unless you are sure you must.See: https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/api-v3/extensions/transport_sockets/tls/v3/common.proto#extensions-transport-sockets-tls-v3-tlsparametersNote: This list is a superset of what is valid for stock Envoy builds and those using BoringSSL FIPS.
- `maximum_protocol_version` (String) MaximumProtocolVersion is the maximum TLS version this vhost shouldnegotiate.Values: '1.2', '1.3'(default).Other values will produce an error.
- `minimum_protocol_version` (String) MinimumProtocolVersion is the minimum TLS version this vhost shouldnegotiate.Values: '1.2' (default), '1.3'.Other values will produce an error.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--envoy--health"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.envoy.health`

Optional:

- `address` (String) Defines the health address interface.
- `port` (Number) Defines the health port.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--envoy--http"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.envoy.http`

Optional:

- `access_log` (String) AccessLog defines where Envoy logs are outputted for this listener.
- `address` (String) Defines an Envoy Listener Address.
- `port` (Number) Defines an Envoy listener Port.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--envoy--https"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.envoy.https`

Optional:

- `access_log` (String) AccessLog defines where Envoy logs are outputted for this listener.
- `address` (String) Defines an Envoy Listener Address.
- `port` (Number) Defines an Envoy listener Port.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--envoy--listener"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.envoy.listener`

Optional:

- `connection_balancer` (String) ConnectionBalancer. If the value is exact, the listener will use the exact connection balancerSee https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/api-v2/api/v2/listener.proto#envoy-api-msg-listener-connectionbalanceconfigfor more information.Values: (empty string): use the default ConnectionBalancer, 'exact': use the Exact ConnectionBalancer.Other values will produce an error.
- `disable_allow_chunked_length` (Boolean) DisableAllowChunkedLength disables the RFC-compliant Envoy behavior tostrip the 'Content-Length' header if 'Transfer-Encoding: chunked' isalso set. This is an emergency off-switch to revert back to Envoy'sdefault behavior in case of failures. Please file an issue if failuresare encountered.See: https://github.com/projectcontour/contour/issues/3221Contour's default is false.
- `disable_merge_slashes` (Boolean) DisableMergeSlashes disables Envoy's non-standard merge_slashes path transformation optionwhich strips duplicate slashes from request URL paths.Contour's default is false.
- `http_max_concurrent_streams` (Number) Defines the value for SETTINGS_MAX_CONCURRENT_STREAMS Envoy will advertise in theSETTINGS frame in HTTP/2 connections and the limit for concurrent streams allowedfor a peer on a single HTTP/2 connection. It is recommended to not set this lowerthan 100 but this field can be used to bound resource usage by HTTP/2 connectionsand mitigate attacks like CVE-2023-44487. The default value when this is not set isunlimited.
- `max_connections_per_listener` (Number) Defines the limit on number of active connections to a listener. The limit is appliedper listener. The default value when this is not set is unlimited.
- `max_requests_per_connection` (Number) Defines the maximum requests for downstream connections. If not specified, there is no limit.see https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/api-v3/config/core/v3/protocol.proto#envoy-v3-api-msg-config-core-v3-httpprotocoloptionsfor more information.
- `max_requests_per_io_cycle` (Number) Defines the limit on number of HTTP requests that Envoy will process from a singleconnection in a single I/O cycle. Requests over this limit are processed in subsequentI/O cycles. Can be used as a mitigation for CVE-2023-44487 when abusive traffic isdetected. Configures the http.max_requests_per_io_cycle Envoy runtime setting. The defaultvalue when this is not set is no limit.
- `per_connection_buffer_limit_bytes` (Number) Defines the soft limit on size of the listener’s new connection read and write buffers in bytes.If unspecified, an implementation defined default is applied (1MiB).see https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/api-v3/config/listener/v3/listener.proto#envoy-v3-api-field-config-listener-v3-listener-per-connection-buffer-limit-bytesfor more information.
- `server_header_transformation` (String) Defines the action to be applied to the Server header on the response path.When configured as overwrite, overwrites any Server header with 'envoy'.When configured as append_if_absent, if a Server header is present, pass it through, otherwise set it to 'envoy'.When configured as pass_through, pass through the value of the Server header, and do not append a header if none is present.Values: 'overwrite' (default), 'append_if_absent', 'pass_through'Other values will produce an error.Contour's default is overwrite.
- `socket_options` (Attributes) SocketOptions defines configurable socket options for the listeners.Single set of options are applied to all listeners. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--envoy--listener--socket_options))
- `tls` (Attributes) TLS holds various configurable Envoy TLS listener values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--envoy--listener--tls))
- `use_proxy_protocol` (Boolean) Use PROXY protocol for all listeners.Contour's default is false.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--envoy--listener--socket_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.envoy.listener.use_proxy_protocol`

Optional:

- `tos` (Number) Defines the value for IPv4 TOS field (including 6 bit DSCP field) for IP packets originating from Envoy listeners.Single value is applied to all listeners.If listeners are bound to IPv6-only addresses, setting this option will cause an error.
- `traffic_class` (Number) Defines the value for IPv6 Traffic Class field (including 6 bit DSCP field) for IP packets originating from the Envoy listeners.Single value is applied to all listeners.If listeners are bound to IPv4-only addresses, setting this option will cause an error.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--envoy--listener--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.envoy.listener.use_proxy_protocol`

Optional:

- `cipher_suites` (List of String) CipherSuites defines the TLS ciphers to be supported by Envoy TLSlisteners when negotiating TLS 1.2. Ciphers are validated against theset that Envoy supports by default. This parameter should only be usedby advanced users. Note that these will be ignored when TLS 1.3 is inuse.This field is optional; when it is undefined, a Contour-managed ciphersuite listwill be used, which may be updated to keep it secure.Contour's default list is:  - '[ECDHE-ECDSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256|ECDHE-ECDSA-CHACHA20-POLY1305]'  - '[ECDHE-RSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256|ECDHE-RSA-CHACHA20-POLY1305]'  - 'ECDHE-ECDSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384'  - 'ECDHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384'Ciphers provided are validated against the following list:  - '[ECDHE-ECDSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256|ECDHE-ECDSA-CHACHA20-POLY1305]'  - '[ECDHE-RSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256|ECDHE-RSA-CHACHA20-POLY1305]'  - 'ECDHE-ECDSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256'  - 'ECDHE-RSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256'  - 'ECDHE-ECDSA-AES128-SHA'  - 'ECDHE-RSA-AES128-SHA'  - 'AES128-GCM-SHA256'  - 'AES128-SHA'  - 'ECDHE-ECDSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384'  - 'ECDHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384'  - 'ECDHE-ECDSA-AES256-SHA'  - 'ECDHE-RSA-AES256-SHA'  - 'AES256-GCM-SHA384'  - 'AES256-SHA'Contour recommends leaving this undefined unless you are sure you must.See: https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/api-v3/extensions/transport_sockets/tls/v3/common.proto#extensions-transport-sockets-tls-v3-tlsparametersNote: This list is a superset of what is valid for stock Envoy builds and those using BoringSSL FIPS.
- `maximum_protocol_version` (String) MaximumProtocolVersion is the maximum TLS version this vhost shouldnegotiate.Values: '1.2', '1.3'(default).Other values will produce an error.
- `minimum_protocol_version` (String) MinimumProtocolVersion is the minimum TLS version this vhost shouldnegotiate.Values: '1.2' (default), '1.3'.Other values will produce an error.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--envoy--logging"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.envoy.logging`

Optional:

- `access_log_format` (String) AccessLogFormat sets the global access log format.Values: 'envoy' (default), 'json'.Other values will produce an error.
- `access_log_format_string` (String) AccessLogFormatString sets the access log format when format is set to 'envoy'.When empty, Envoy's default format is used.
- `access_log_json_fields` (List of String) AccessLogJSONFields sets the fields that JSON logging willoutput when AccessLogFormat is json.
- `access_log_level` (String) AccessLogLevel sets the verbosity level of the access log.Values: 'info' (default, all requests are logged), 'error' (all non-success requests, i.e. 300+ response code, are logged), 'critical' (all 5xx requests are logged) and 'disabled'.Other values will produce an error.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--envoy--metrics"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.envoy.metrics`

Optional:

- `address` (String) Defines the metrics address interface.
- `port` (Number) Defines the metrics port.
- `tls` (Attributes) TLS holds TLS file config details.Metrics and health endpoints cannot have same port number when metrics is served over HTTPS. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--envoy--metrics--tls))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--envoy--metrics--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.envoy.metrics.tls`

Optional:

- `ca_file` (String) CA filename.
- `cert_file` (String) Client certificate filename.
- `key_file` (String) Client key filename.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--envoy--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.envoy.network`

Optional:

- `admin_port` (Number) Configure the port used to access the Envoy Admin interface.If configured to port '0' then the admin interface is disabled.Contour's default is 9001.
- `num_trusted_hops` (Number) XffNumTrustedHops defines the number of additional ingress proxy hops from theright side of the x-forwarded-for HTTP header to trust when determining the originclient’s IP address.See https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/v1.17.0/api-v3/extensions/filters/network/http_connection_manager/v3/http_connection_manager.proto?highlight=xff_num_trusted_hopsfor more information.Contour's default is 0.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--envoy--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.envoy.service`

Required:

- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--envoy--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.envoy.timeouts`

Optional:

- `connect_timeout` (String) ConnectTimeout defines how long the proxy should wait when establishing connection to upstream service.If not set, a default value of 2 seconds will be used.See https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/api-v3/config/cluster/v3/cluster.proto#envoy-v3-api-field-config-cluster-v3-cluster-connect-timeoutfor more information.
- `connection_idle_timeout` (String) ConnectionIdleTimeout defines how long the proxy should wait while there areno active requests (for HTTP/1.1) or streams (for HTTP/2) before terminatingan HTTP connection. Set to 'infinity' to disable the timeout entirely.See https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/api-v3/config/core/v3/protocol.proto#envoy-v3-api-field-config-core-v3-httpprotocoloptions-idle-timeoutfor more information.
- `connection_shutdown_grace_period` (String) ConnectionShutdownGracePeriod defines how long the proxy will wait between sending aninitial GOAWAY frame and a second, final GOAWAY frame when terminating an HTTP/2 connection.During this grace period, the proxy will continue to respond to new streams. After the finalGOAWAY frame has been sent, the proxy will refuse new streams.See https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/api-v3/extensions/filters/network/http_connection_manager/v3/http_connection_manager.proto#envoy-v3-api-field-extensions-filters-network-http-connection-manager-v3-httpconnectionmanager-drain-timeoutfor more information.
- `delayed_close_timeout` (String) DelayedCloseTimeout defines how long envoy will wait, once connectionclose processing has been initiated, for the downstream peer to closethe connection before Envoy closes the socket associated with the connection.Setting this timeout to 'infinity' will disable it, equivalent to setting it to '0'in Envoy. Leaving it unset will result in the Envoy default value being used.See https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/api-v3/extensions/filters/network/http_connection_manager/v3/http_connection_manager.proto#envoy-v3-api-field-extensions-filters-network-http-connection-manager-v3-httpconnectionmanager-delayed-close-timeoutfor more information.
- `max_connection_duration` (String) MaxConnectionDuration defines the maximum period of time after an HTTP connectionhas been established from the client to the proxy before it is closed by the proxy,regardless of whether there has been activity or not. Omit or set to 'infinity' forno max duration.See https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/api-v3/config/core/v3/protocol.proto#envoy-v3-api-field-config-core-v3-httpprotocoloptions-max-connection-durationfor more information.
- `request_timeout` (String) RequestTimeout sets the client request timeout globally for Contour. Note thatthis is a timeout for the entire request, not an idle timeout. Omit or set to'infinity' to disable the timeout entirely.See https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/api-v3/extensions/filters/network/http_connection_manager/v3/http_connection_manager.proto#envoy-v3-api-field-extensions-filters-network-http-connection-manager-v3-httpconnectionmanager-request-timeoutfor more information.
- `stream_idle_timeout` (String) StreamIdleTimeout defines how long the proxy should wait while there is norequest activity (for HTTP/1.1) or stream activity (for HTTP/2) beforeterminating the HTTP request or stream. Set to 'infinity' to disable thetimeout entirely.See https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/api-v3/extensions/filters/network/http_connection_manager/v3/http_connection_manager.proto#envoy-v3-api-field-extensions-filters-network-http-connection-manager-v3-httpconnectionmanager-stream-idle-timeoutfor more information.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--gateway"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.gateway`

Required:

- `gateway_ref` (Attributes) GatewayRef defines the specific Gateway that this Contourinstance corresponds to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--gateway--gateway_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--gateway--gateway_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.gateway.gateway_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--global_ext_auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.global_ext_auth`

Optional:

- `auth_policy` (Attributes) AuthPolicy sets a default authorization policy for client requests.This policy will be used unless overridden by individual routes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--global_ext_auth--auth_policy))
- `extension_ref` (Attributes) ExtensionServiceRef specifies the extension resource that will authorize client requests. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--global_ext_auth--extension_ref))
- `fail_open` (Boolean) If FailOpen is true, the client request is forwarded to the upstream serviceeven if the authorization server fails to respond. This field should not beset in most cases. It is intended for use only while migrating applicationsfrom internal authorization to Contour external authorization.
- `response_timeout` (String) ResponseTimeout configures maximum time to wait for a check response from the authorization server.Timeout durations are expressed in the Go [Duration format](https://godoc.org/time#ParseDuration).Valid time units are 'ns', 'us' (or 'µs'), 'ms', 's', 'm', 'h'.The string 'infinity' is also a valid input and specifies no timeout.
- `with_request_body` (Attributes) WithRequestBody specifies configuration for sending the client request's body to authorization server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--global_ext_auth--with_request_body))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--global_ext_auth--auth_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.global_ext_auth.auth_policy`

Optional:

- `context` (Map of String) Context is a set of key/value pairs that are sent to theauthentication server in the check request. If a contextis provided at an enclosing scope, the entries are mergedsuch that the inner scope overrides matching keys from theouter scope.
- `disabled` (Boolean) When true, this field disables client request authenticationfor the scope of the policy.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--global_ext_auth--extension_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.global_ext_auth.extension_ref`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.If this field is not specified, the default 'projectcontour.io/v1alpha1' will be used
- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent.If this field is not specifies, the namespace of the resource that targets the referent will be used.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/


<a id="nestedatt--spec--global_ext_auth--with_request_body"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.global_ext_auth.with_request_body`

Optional:

- `allow_partial_message` (Boolean) If AllowPartialMessage is true, then Envoy will buffer the body until MaxRequestBytes are reached.
- `max_request_bytes` (Number) MaxRequestBytes sets the maximum size of message body ExtAuthz filter will hold in-memory.
- `pack_as_bytes` (Boolean) If PackAsBytes is true, the body sent to Authorization Server is in raw bytes.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--health"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.health`

Optional:

- `address` (String) Defines the health address interface.
- `port` (Number) Defines the health port.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--httpproxy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.httpproxy`

Optional:

- `disable_permit_insecure` (Boolean) DisablePermitInsecure disables the use of thepermitInsecure field in HTTPProxy.Contour's default is false.
- `fallback_certificate` (Attributes) FallbackCertificate defines the namespace/name of the Kubernetes secret touse as fallback when a non-SNI request is received. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--httpproxy--fallback_certificate))
- `root_namespaces` (List of String) Restrict Contour to searching these namespaces for root ingress routes.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--httpproxy--fallback_certificate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.httpproxy.fallback_certificate`

Required:

- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--ingress"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ingress`

Optional:

- `class_names` (List of String) Ingress Class Names Contour should use.
- `status_address` (String) Address to set in Ingress object status.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--metrics"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metrics`

Optional:

- `address` (String) Defines the metrics address interface.
- `port` (Number) Defines the metrics port.
- `tls` (Attributes) TLS holds TLS file config details.Metrics and health endpoints cannot have same port number when metrics is served over HTTPS. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--metrics--tls))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--metrics--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metrics.tls`

Optional:

- `ca_file` (String) CA filename.
- `cert_file` (String) Client certificate filename.
- `key_file` (String) Client key filename.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.policy`

Optional:

- `apply_to_ingress` (Boolean) ApplyToIngress determines if the Policies will apply to ingress objectsContour's default is false.
- `request_headers` (Attributes) RequestHeadersPolicy defines the request headers set/removed on all routes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--policy--request_headers))
- `response_headers` (Attributes) ResponseHeadersPolicy defines the response headers set/removed on all routes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--policy--response_headers))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--policy--request_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.policy.request_headers`

Optional:

- `remove` (List of String)
- `set` (Map of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--policy--response_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.policy.response_headers`

Optional:

- `remove` (List of String)
- `set` (Map of String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--rate_limit_service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rate_limit_service`

Required:

- `extension_service` (Attributes) ExtensionService identifies the extension service defining the RLS. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rate_limit_service--extension_service))

Optional:

- `default_global_rate_limit_policy` (Attributes) DefaultGlobalRateLimitPolicy allows setting a default global rate limit policy for every HTTPProxy.HTTPProxy can overwrite this configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rate_limit_service--default_global_rate_limit_policy))
- `domain` (String) Domain is passed to the Rate Limit Service.
- `enable_resource_exhausted_code` (Boolean) EnableResourceExhaustedCode enables translating error code 429 togrpc code RESOURCE_EXHAUSTED. When disabled it's translated to UNAVAILABLE
- `enable_x_rate_limit_headers` (Boolean) EnableXRateLimitHeaders defines whether to include the X-RateLimitheaders X-RateLimit-Limit, X-RateLimit-Remaining, and X-RateLimit-Reset(as defined by the IETF Internet-Draft linked below), on responsesto clients when the Rate Limit Service is consulted for a request.ref. https://tools.ietf.org/id/draft-polli-ratelimit-headers-03.html
- `fail_open` (Boolean) FailOpen defines whether to allow requests to proceed when theRate Limit Service fails to respond with a valid rate limitdecision within the timeout defined on the extension service.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--rate_limit_service--extension_service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rate_limit_service.extension_service`

Required:

- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--rate_limit_service--default_global_rate_limit_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rate_limit_service.default_global_rate_limit_policy`

Optional:

- `descriptors` (Attributes List) Descriptors defines the list of descriptors that willbe generated and sent to the rate limit service. Eachdescriptor contains 1+ key-value pair entries. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rate_limit_service--default_global_rate_limit_policy--descriptors))
- `disabled` (Boolean) Disabled configures the HTTPProxy to not usethe default global rate limit policy defined by the Contour configuration.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--rate_limit_service--default_global_rate_limit_policy--descriptors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rate_limit_service.default_global_rate_limit_policy.disabled`

Optional:

- `entries` (Attributes List) Entries is the list of key-value pair generators. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rate_limit_service--default_global_rate_limit_policy--disabled--entries))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--rate_limit_service--default_global_rate_limit_policy--disabled--entries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rate_limit_service.default_global_rate_limit_policy.disabled.entries`

Optional:

- `generic_key` (Attributes) GenericKey defines a descriptor entry with a static key and value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rate_limit_service--default_global_rate_limit_policy--disabled--entries--generic_key))
- `remote_address` (Map of String) RemoteAddress defines a descriptor entry with a key of 'remote_address'and a value equal to the client's IP address (from x-forwarded-for).
- `request_header` (Attributes) RequestHeader defines a descriptor entry that's populated only ifa given header is present on the request. The descriptor key is static,and the descriptor value is equal to the value of the header. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rate_limit_service--default_global_rate_limit_policy--disabled--entries--request_header))
- `request_header_value_match` (Attributes) RequestHeaderValueMatch defines a descriptor entry that's populatedif the request's headers match a set of 1+ match criteria. Thedescriptor key is 'header_match', and the descriptor value is static. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rate_limit_service--default_global_rate_limit_policy--disabled--entries--request_header_value_match))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--rate_limit_service--default_global_rate_limit_policy--disabled--entries--generic_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rate_limit_service.default_global_rate_limit_policy.disabled.entries.request_header_value_match`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Key defines the key of the descriptor entry. If not set, thekey is set to 'generic_key'.
- `value` (String) Value defines the value of the descriptor entry.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--rate_limit_service--default_global_rate_limit_policy--disabled--entries--request_header"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rate_limit_service.default_global_rate_limit_policy.disabled.entries.request_header_value_match`

Optional:

- `descriptor_key` (String) DescriptorKey defines the key to use on the descriptor entry.
- `header_name` (String) HeaderName defines the name of the header to look for on the request.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--rate_limit_service--default_global_rate_limit_policy--disabled--entries--request_header_value_match"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rate_limit_service.default_global_rate_limit_policy.disabled.entries.request_header_value_match`

Optional:

- `expect_match` (Boolean) ExpectMatch defines whether the request must positively match the matchcriteria in order to generate a descriptor entry (i.e. true), or notmatch the match criteria in order to generate a descriptor entry (i.e. false).The default is true.
- `headers` (Attributes List) Headers is a list of 1+ match criteria to apply against the requestto determine whether to populate the descriptor entry or not. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rate_limit_service--default_global_rate_limit_policy--disabled--entries--request_header_value_match--headers))
- `value` (String) Value defines the value of the descriptor entry.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--rate_limit_service--default_global_rate_limit_policy--disabled--entries--request_header_value_match--headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rate_limit_service.default_global_rate_limit_policy.disabled.entries.request_header_value_match.value`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the header to match against. Name is required.Header names are case insensitive.

Optional:

- `contains` (String) Contains specifies a substring that must be present inthe header value.
- `exact` (String) Exact specifies a string that the header value must be equal to.
- `ignore_case` (Boolean) IgnoreCase specifies that string matching should be case insensitive.Note that this has no effect on the Regex parameter.
- `notcontains` (String) NotContains specifies a substring that must not be presentin the header value.
- `notexact` (String) NoExact specifies a string that the header value must not beequal to. The condition is true if the header has any other value.
- `notpresent` (Boolean) NotPresent specifies that condition is true when the named headeris not present. Note that setting NotPresent to false does notmake the condition true if the named header is present.
- `present` (Boolean) Present specifies that condition is true when the named headeris present, regardless of its value. Note that setting Presentto false does not make the condition true if the named headeris absent.
- `regex` (String) Regex specifies a regular expression pattern that must match the headervalue.
- `treat_missing_as_empty` (Boolean) TreatMissingAsEmpty specifies if the header match rule specified headerdoes not exist, this header value will be treated as empty. Defaults to false.Unlike the underlying Envoy implementation this is **only** supported fornegative matches (e.g. NotContains, NotExact).







<a id="nestedatt--spec--tracing"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tracing`

Required:

- `extension_service` (Attributes) ExtensionService identifies the extension service defining the otel-collector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tracing--extension_service))

Optional:

- `custom_tags` (Attributes List) CustomTags defines a list of custom tags with unique tag name. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tracing--custom_tags))
- `include_pod_detail` (Boolean) IncludePodDetail defines a flag.If it is true, contour will add the pod name and namespace to the span of the trace.the default is true.Note: The Envoy pods MUST have the HOSTNAME and CONTOUR_NAMESPACE environment variables set for this to work properly.
- `max_path_tag_length` (Number) MaxPathTagLength defines maximum length of the request pathto extract and include in the HttpUrl tag.contour's default is 256.
- `overall_sampling` (String) OverallSampling defines the sampling rate of trace data.contour's default is 100.
- `service_name` (String) ServiceName defines the name for the service.contour's default is contour.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--tracing--extension_service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tracing.extension_service`

Required:

- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tracing--custom_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tracing.custom_tags`

Required:

- `tag_name` (String) TagName is the unique name of the custom tag.

Optional:

- `literal` (String) Literal is a static custom tag value.Precisely one of Literal, RequestHeaderName must be set.
- `request_header_name` (String) RequestHeaderName indicates which request headerthe label value is obtained from.Precisely one of Literal, RequestHeaderName must be set.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--xds_server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.xds_server`

Optional:

- `address` (String) Defines the xDS gRPC API address which Contour will serve.Contour's default is '0.0.0.0'.
- `port` (Number) Defines the xDS gRPC API port which Contour will serve.Contour's default is 8001.
- `tls` (Attributes) TLS holds TLS file config details.Contour's default is { caFile: '/certs/ca.crt', certFile: '/certs/tls.cert', keyFile: '/certs/tls.key', insecure: false }. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--xds_server--tls))
- `type` (String) Defines the XDSServer to use for 'contour serve'.Values: 'envoy' (default), 'contour (deprecated)'.Other values will produce an error.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--xds_server--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.xds_server.tls`

Optional:

- `ca_file` (String) CA filename.
- `cert_file` (String) Client certificate filename.
- `insecure` (Boolean) Allow serving the xDS gRPC API without TLS.
- `key_file` (String) Client key filename.
