---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_projectcontour_io_http_proxy_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "projectcontour.io"
description: |-
  HTTPProxy is an Ingress CRD specification.
---

# k8s_projectcontour_io_http_proxy_v1_manifest (Data Source)

HTTPProxy is an Ingress CRD specification.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_projectcontour_io_http_proxy_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) HTTPProxySpec defines the spec of the CRD. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `includes` (Attributes List) Includes allow for specific routing configuration to be included from another HTTPProxy,possibly in another namespace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--includes))
- `ingress_class_name` (String) IngressClassName optionally specifies the ingress class to use for thisHTTPProxy. This replaces the deprecated 'kubernetes.io/ingress.class'annotation. For backwards compatibility, when that annotation is set, itis given precedence over this field.
- `routes` (Attributes List) Routes are the ingress routes. If TCPProxy is present, Routes is ignored. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes))
- `tcpproxy` (Attributes) TCPProxy holds TCP proxy information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tcpproxy))
- `virtualhost` (Attributes) Virtualhost appears at most once. If it is present, the object is consideredto be a 'root' HTTPProxy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--virtualhost))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--includes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.includes`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the HTTPProxy

Optional:

- `conditions` (Attributes List) Conditions are a set of rules that are applied to included HTTPProxies.In effect, they are added onto the Conditions of included HTTPProxy Routestructs.When applied, they are merged using AND, with one exception:There can be only one Prefix MatchCondition per Conditions slice.More than one Prefix, or contradictory Conditions, will make theinclude invalid. Exact and Regex match conditions are not allowedon includes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--includes--conditions))
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the HTTPProxy to include. Defaults to the current namespace if not supplied.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--includes--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.includes.conditions`

Optional:

- `exact` (String) Exact defines a exact match for a request.This field is not allowed in include match conditions.
- `header` (Attributes) Header specifies the header condition to match. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--includes--conditions--header))
- `prefix` (String) Prefix defines a prefix match for a request.
- `query_parameter` (Attributes) QueryParameter specifies the query parameter condition to match. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--includes--conditions--query_parameter))
- `regex` (String) Regex defines a regex match for a request.This field is not allowed in include match conditions.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--includes--conditions--header"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.includes.conditions.header`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the header to match against. Name is required.Header names are case insensitive.

Optional:

- `contains` (String) Contains specifies a substring that must be present inthe header value.
- `exact` (String) Exact specifies a string that the header value must be equal to.
- `ignore_case` (Boolean) IgnoreCase specifies that string matching should be case insensitive.Note that this has no effect on the Regex parameter.
- `notcontains` (String) NotContains specifies a substring that must not be presentin the header value.
- `notexact` (String) NoExact specifies a string that the header value must not beequal to. The condition is true if the header has any other value.
- `notpresent` (Boolean) NotPresent specifies that condition is true when the named headeris not present. Note that setting NotPresent to false does notmake the condition true if the named header is present.
- `present` (Boolean) Present specifies that condition is true when the named headeris present, regardless of its value. Note that setting Presentto false does not make the condition true if the named headeris absent.
- `regex` (String) Regex specifies a regular expression pattern that must match the headervalue.
- `treat_missing_as_empty` (Boolean) TreatMissingAsEmpty specifies if the header match rule specified headerdoes not exist, this header value will be treated as empty. Defaults to false.Unlike the underlying Envoy implementation this is **only** supported fornegative matches (e.g. NotContains, NotExact).


<a id="nestedatt--spec--includes--conditions--query_parameter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.includes.conditions.query_parameter`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the query parameter to match against. Name is required.Query parameter names are case insensitive.

Optional:

- `contains` (String) Contains specifies a substring that must be present inthe query parameter value.
- `exact` (String) Exact specifies a string that the query parameter value must be equal to.
- `ignore_case` (Boolean) IgnoreCase specifies that string matching should be case insensitive.Note that this has no effect on the Regex parameter.
- `prefix` (String) Prefix defines a prefix match for the query parameter value.
- `present` (Boolean) Present specifies that condition is true when the named query parameteris present, regardless of its value. Note that setting Presentto false does not make the condition true if the named query parameteris absent.
- `regex` (String) Regex specifies a regular expression pattern that must match the queryparameter value.
- `suffix` (String) Suffix defines a suffix match for a query parameter value.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes`

Optional:

- `auth_policy` (Attributes) AuthPolicy updates the authorization policy that was seton the root HTTPProxy object for client requests thatmatch this route. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--auth_policy))
- `conditions` (Attributes List) Conditions are a set of rules that are applied to a Route.When applied, they are merged using AND, with one exception:There can be only one Prefix, Exact or Regex MatchConditionper Conditions slice. More than one of these condition types,or contradictory Conditions, will make the route invalid. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--conditions))
- `cookie_rewrite_policies` (Attributes List) The policies for rewriting Set-Cookie header attributes. Note thatrewritten cookie names must be unique in this list. Order rewritepolicies are specified in does not matter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--cookie_rewrite_policies))
- `direct_response_policy` (Attributes) DirectResponsePolicy returns an arbitrary HTTP response directly. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--direct_response_policy))
- `enable_websockets` (Boolean) Enables websocket support for the route.
- `health_check_policy` (Attributes) The health check policy for this route. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--health_check_policy))
- `internal_redirect_policy` (Attributes) The policy to define when to handle redirects responses internally. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--internal_redirect_policy))
- `ip_allow_policy` (Attributes List) IPAllowFilterPolicy is a list of ipv4/6 filter rules for which matchingrequests should be allowed. All other requests will be denied.Only one of IPAllowFilterPolicy and IPDenyFilterPolicy can be defined.The rules defined here override any rules set on the root HTTPProxy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--ip_allow_policy))
- `ip_deny_policy` (Attributes List) IPDenyFilterPolicy is a list of ipv4/6 filter rules for which matchingrequests should be denied. All other requests will be allowed.Only one of IPAllowFilterPolicy and IPDenyFilterPolicy can be defined.The rules defined here override any rules set on the root HTTPProxy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--ip_deny_policy))
- `jwt_verification_policy` (Attributes) The policy for verifying JWTs for requests to this route. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--jwt_verification_policy))
- `load_balancer_policy` (Attributes) The load balancing policy for this route. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--load_balancer_policy))
- `path_rewrite_policy` (Attributes) The policy for rewriting the path of the request URLafter the request has been routed to a Service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--path_rewrite_policy))
- `permit_insecure` (Boolean) Allow this path to respond to insecure requests over HTTP which are normallynot permitted when a 'virtualhost.tls' block is present.
- `rate_limit_policy` (Attributes) The policy for rate limiting on the route. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--rate_limit_policy))
- `request_headers_policy` (Attributes) The policy for managing request headers during proxying.You may dynamically rewrite the Host header to be forwardedupstream to the content of a request header usingthe below format '%REQ(X-Header-Name)%'. If the value of the headeris empty, it is ignored.*NOTE: Pay attention to the potential security implications of using this option.Provided header must come from trusted source.**NOTE: The header rewrite is only done while forwarding and has no bearingon the routing decision. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--request_headers_policy))
- `request_redirect_policy` (Attributes) RequestRedirectPolicy defines an HTTP redirection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--request_redirect_policy))
- `response_headers_policy` (Attributes) The policy for managing response headers during proxying.Rewriting the 'Host' header is not supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--response_headers_policy))
- `retry_policy` (Attributes) The retry policy for this route. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--retry_policy))
- `services` (Attributes List) Services are the services to proxy traffic. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--services))
- `timeout_policy` (Attributes) The timeout policy for this route. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--timeout_policy))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--auth_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.auth_policy`

Optional:

- `context` (Map of String) Context is a set of key/value pairs that are sent to theauthentication server in the check request. If a contextis provided at an enclosing scope, the entries are mergedsuch that the inner scope overrides matching keys from theouter scope.
- `disabled` (Boolean) When true, this field disables client request authenticationfor the scope of the policy.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.conditions`

Optional:

- `exact` (String) Exact defines a exact match for a request.This field is not allowed in include match conditions.
- `header` (Attributes) Header specifies the header condition to match. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--conditions--header))
- `prefix` (String) Prefix defines a prefix match for a request.
- `query_parameter` (Attributes) QueryParameter specifies the query parameter condition to match. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--conditions--query_parameter))
- `regex` (String) Regex defines a regex match for a request.This field is not allowed in include match conditions.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--conditions--header"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.conditions.header`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the header to match against. Name is required.Header names are case insensitive.

Optional:

- `contains` (String) Contains specifies a substring that must be present inthe header value.
- `exact` (String) Exact specifies a string that the header value must be equal to.
- `ignore_case` (Boolean) IgnoreCase specifies that string matching should be case insensitive.Note that this has no effect on the Regex parameter.
- `notcontains` (String) NotContains specifies a substring that must not be presentin the header value.
- `notexact` (String) NoExact specifies a string that the header value must not beequal to. The condition is true if the header has any other value.
- `notpresent` (Boolean) NotPresent specifies that condition is true when the named headeris not present. Note that setting NotPresent to false does notmake the condition true if the named header is present.
- `present` (Boolean) Present specifies that condition is true when the named headeris present, regardless of its value. Note that setting Presentto false does not make the condition true if the named headeris absent.
- `regex` (String) Regex specifies a regular expression pattern that must match the headervalue.
- `treat_missing_as_empty` (Boolean) TreatMissingAsEmpty specifies if the header match rule specified headerdoes not exist, this header value will be treated as empty. Defaults to false.Unlike the underlying Envoy implementation this is **only** supported fornegative matches (e.g. NotContains, NotExact).


<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--conditions--query_parameter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.conditions.query_parameter`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the query parameter to match against. Name is required.Query parameter names are case insensitive.

Optional:

- `contains` (String) Contains specifies a substring that must be present inthe query parameter value.
- `exact` (String) Exact specifies a string that the query parameter value must be equal to.
- `ignore_case` (Boolean) IgnoreCase specifies that string matching should be case insensitive.Note that this has no effect on the Regex parameter.
- `prefix` (String) Prefix defines a prefix match for the query parameter value.
- `present` (Boolean) Present specifies that condition is true when the named query parameteris present, regardless of its value. Note that setting Presentto false does not make the condition true if the named query parameteris absent.
- `regex` (String) Regex specifies a regular expression pattern that must match the queryparameter value.
- `suffix` (String) Suffix defines a suffix match for a query parameter value.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--cookie_rewrite_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.cookie_rewrite_policies`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the cookie for which attributes will be rewritten.

Optional:

- `domain_rewrite` (Attributes) DomainRewrite enables rewriting the Set-Cookie Domain element.If not set, Domain will not be rewritten. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--cookie_rewrite_policies--domain_rewrite))
- `path_rewrite` (Attributes) PathRewrite enables rewriting the Set-Cookie Path element.If not set, Path will not be rewritten. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--cookie_rewrite_policies--path_rewrite))
- `same_site` (String) SameSite enables rewriting the Set-Cookie SameSite element.If not set, SameSite attribute will not be rewritten.
- `secure` (Boolean) Secure enables rewriting the Set-Cookie Secure element.If not set, Secure attribute will not be rewritten.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--cookie_rewrite_policies--domain_rewrite"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.cookie_rewrite_policies.domain_rewrite`

Required:

- `value` (String) Value is the value to rewrite the Domain attribute to.For now this is required.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--cookie_rewrite_policies--path_rewrite"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.cookie_rewrite_policies.path_rewrite`

Required:

- `value` (String) Value is the value to rewrite the Path attribute to.For now this is required.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--direct_response_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.direct_response_policy`

Required:

- `status_code` (Number) StatusCode is the HTTP response status to be returned.

Optional:

- `body` (String) Body is the content of the response body.If this setting is omitted, no body is included in the generated response.Note: Body is not recommended to set too longotherwise it can have significant resource usage impacts.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--health_check_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.health_check_policy`

Required:

- `path` (String) HTTP endpoint used to perform health checks on upstream service

Optional:

- `expected_statuses` (Attributes List) The ranges of HTTP response statuses considered healthy. Follow half-opensemantics, i.e. for each range the start is inclusive and the end is exclusive.Must be within the range [100,600). If not specified, only a 200 response statusis considered healthy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--health_check_policy--expected_statuses))
- `healthy_threshold_count` (Number) The number of healthy health checks required before a host is marked healthy
- `host` (String) The value of the host header in the HTTP health check request.If left empty (default value), the name 'contour-envoy-healthcheck'will be used.
- `interval_seconds` (Number) The interval (seconds) between health checks
- `timeout_seconds` (Number) The time to wait (seconds) for a health check response
- `unhealthy_threshold_count` (Number) The number of unhealthy health checks required before a host is marked unhealthy

<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--health_check_policy--expected_statuses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.health_check_policy.expected_statuses`

Required:

- `end` (Number) The end (exclusive) of a range of HTTP status codes.
- `start` (Number) The start (inclusive) of a range of HTTP status codes.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--internal_redirect_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.internal_redirect_policy`

Optional:

- `allow_cross_scheme_redirect` (String) AllowCrossSchemeRedirect Allow internal redirect to follow a target URI with a different schemethan the value of x-forwarded-proto.SafeOnly allows same scheme redirect and safe cross scheme redirect, which means if the downstreamscheme is HTTPS, both HTTPS and HTTP redirect targets are allowed, but if the downstream schemeis HTTP, only HTTP redirect targets are allowed.
- `deny_repeated_route_redirect` (Boolean) If DenyRepeatedRouteRedirect is true, rejects redirect targets that are pointing to a route that hasbeen followed by a previous redirect from the current route.
- `max_internal_redirects` (Number) MaxInternalRedirects An internal redirect is not handled, unless the number of previous internalredirects that a downstream request has encountered is lower than this value.
- `redirect_response_codes` (List of String) RedirectResponseCodes If unspecified, only 302 will be treated as internal redirect.Only 301, 302, 303, 307 and 308 are valid values.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--ip_allow_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.ip_allow_policy`

Required:

- `cidr` (String) CIDR is a CIDR block of ipv4 or ipv6 addresses to filter on. This can also bea bare IP address (without a mask) to filter on exactly one address.
- `source` (String) Source indicates how to determine the ip address to filter on, and can beone of two values: - 'Remote' filters on the ip address of the client, accounting for PROXY and   X-Forwarded-For as needed. - 'Peer' filters on the ip of the network request, ignoring PROXY and   X-Forwarded-For.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--ip_deny_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.ip_deny_policy`

Required:

- `cidr` (String) CIDR is a CIDR block of ipv4 or ipv6 addresses to filter on. This can also bea bare IP address (without a mask) to filter on exactly one address.
- `source` (String) Source indicates how to determine the ip address to filter on, and can beone of two values: - 'Remote' filters on the ip address of the client, accounting for PROXY and   X-Forwarded-For as needed. - 'Peer' filters on the ip of the network request, ignoring PROXY and   X-Forwarded-For.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--jwt_verification_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.jwt_verification_policy`

Optional:

- `disabled` (Boolean) Disabled defines whether to disable all JWT verification for thisroute. This can be used to opt specific routes out of the defaultJWT provider for the HTTPProxy. At most one of this field or the'require' field can be specified.
- `require` (String) Require names a specific JWT provider (defined in the virtual host)to require for the route. If specified, this field overrides thedefault provider if one exists. If this field is not specified,the default provider will be required if one exists. At most one ofthis field or the 'disabled' field can be specified.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--load_balancer_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.load_balancer_policy`

Optional:

- `request_hash_policies` (Attributes List) RequestHashPolicies contains a list of hash policies to apply when the'RequestHash' load balancing strategy is chosen. If an element of thesupplied list of hash policies is invalid, it will be ignored. If thelist of hash policies is empty after validation, the load balancingstrategy will fall back to the default 'RoundRobin'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--load_balancer_policy--request_hash_policies))
- `strategy` (String) Strategy specifies the policy used to balance requestsacross the pool of backend pods. Valid policy names are'Random', 'RoundRobin', 'WeightedLeastRequest', 'Cookie',and 'RequestHash'. If an unknown strategy name is specifiedor no policy is supplied, the default 'RoundRobin' policyis used.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--load_balancer_policy--request_hash_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.load_balancer_policy.request_hash_policies`

Optional:

- `hash_source_ip` (Boolean) HashSourceIP should be set to true when request source IP hash basedload balancing is desired. It must be the only hash option field set,otherwise this request hash policy object will be ignored.
- `header_hash_options` (Attributes) HeaderHashOptions should be set when request header hash based loadbalancing is desired. It must be the only hash option field set,otherwise this request hash policy object will be ignored. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--load_balancer_policy--request_hash_policies--header_hash_options))
- `query_parameter_hash_options` (Attributes) QueryParameterHashOptions should be set when request query parameter hash based loadbalancing is desired. It must be the only hash option field set,otherwise this request hash policy object will be ignored. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--load_balancer_policy--request_hash_policies--query_parameter_hash_options))
- `terminal` (Boolean) Terminal is a flag that allows for short-circuiting computing of a hashfor a given request. If set to true, and the request attribute specifiedin the attribute hash options is present, no further hash policies willbe used to calculate a hash for the request.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--load_balancer_policy--request_hash_policies--header_hash_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.load_balancer_policy.request_hash_policies.header_hash_options`

Optional:

- `header_name` (String) HeaderName is the name of the HTTP request header that will be used tocalculate the hash key. If the header specified is not present on arequest, no hash will be produced.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--load_balancer_policy--request_hash_policies--query_parameter_hash_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.load_balancer_policy.request_hash_policies.query_parameter_hash_options`

Optional:

- `parameter_name` (String) ParameterName is the name of the HTTP request query parameter that will be used tocalculate the hash key. If the query parameter specified is not present on arequest, no hash will be produced.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--path_rewrite_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.path_rewrite_policy`

Optional:

- `replace_prefix` (Attributes List) ReplacePrefix describes how the path prefix should be replaced. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--path_rewrite_policy--replace_prefix))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--path_rewrite_policy--replace_prefix"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.path_rewrite_policy.replace_prefix`

Required:

- `replacement` (String) Replacement is the string that the routing path prefixwill be replaced with. This must not be empty.

Optional:

- `prefix` (String) Prefix specifies the URL path prefix to be replaced.If Prefix is specified, it must exactly match the MatchConditionprefix that is rendered by the chain of including HTTPProxiesand only that path prefix will be replaced by Replacement.This allows HTTPProxies that are included through multipleroots to only replace specific path prefixes, leaving othersunmodified.If Prefix is not specified, all routing prefixes renderedby the include chain will be replaced.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--rate_limit_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.rate_limit_policy`

Optional:

- `global` (Attributes) Global defines global rate limiting parameters, i.e. parametersdefining descriptors that are sent to an external rate limitservice (RLS) for a rate limit decision on each request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--rate_limit_policy--global))
- `local` (Attributes) Local defines local rate limiting parameters, i.e. parametersfor rate limiting that occurs within each Envoy pod as requestsare handled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--rate_limit_policy--local))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--rate_limit_policy--global"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.rate_limit_policy.global`

Optional:

- `descriptors` (Attributes List) Descriptors defines the list of descriptors that willbe generated and sent to the rate limit service. Eachdescriptor contains 1+ key-value pair entries. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--rate_limit_policy--global--descriptors))
- `disabled` (Boolean) Disabled configures the HTTPProxy to not usethe default global rate limit policy defined by the Contour configuration.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--rate_limit_policy--global--descriptors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.rate_limit_policy.global.descriptors`

Optional:

- `entries` (Attributes List) Entries is the list of key-value pair generators. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--rate_limit_policy--global--descriptors--entries))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--rate_limit_policy--global--descriptors--entries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.rate_limit_policy.global.descriptors.entries`

Optional:

- `generic_key` (Attributes) GenericKey defines a descriptor entry with a static key and value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--rate_limit_policy--global--descriptors--entries--generic_key))
- `remote_address` (Map of String) RemoteAddress defines a descriptor entry with a key of 'remote_address'and a value equal to the client's IP address (from x-forwarded-for).
- `request_header` (Attributes) RequestHeader defines a descriptor entry that's populated only ifa given header is present on the request. The descriptor key is static,and the descriptor value is equal to the value of the header. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--rate_limit_policy--global--descriptors--entries--request_header))
- `request_header_value_match` (Attributes) RequestHeaderValueMatch defines a descriptor entry that's populatedif the request's headers match a set of 1+ match criteria. Thedescriptor key is 'header_match', and the descriptor value is static. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--rate_limit_policy--global--descriptors--entries--request_header_value_match))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--rate_limit_policy--global--descriptors--entries--generic_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.rate_limit_policy.global.descriptors.entries.generic_key`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Key defines the key of the descriptor entry. If not set, thekey is set to 'generic_key'.
- `value` (String) Value defines the value of the descriptor entry.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--rate_limit_policy--global--descriptors--entries--request_header"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.rate_limit_policy.global.descriptors.entries.request_header`

Optional:

- `descriptor_key` (String) DescriptorKey defines the key to use on the descriptor entry.
- `header_name` (String) HeaderName defines the name of the header to look for on the request.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--rate_limit_policy--global--descriptors--entries--request_header_value_match"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.rate_limit_policy.global.descriptors.entries.request_header_value_match`

Optional:

- `expect_match` (Boolean) ExpectMatch defines whether the request must positively match the matchcriteria in order to generate a descriptor entry (i.e. true), or notmatch the match criteria in order to generate a descriptor entry (i.e. false).The default is true.
- `headers` (Attributes List) Headers is a list of 1+ match criteria to apply against the requestto determine whether to populate the descriptor entry or not. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--rate_limit_policy--global--descriptors--entries--request_header_value_match--headers))
- `value` (String) Value defines the value of the descriptor entry.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--rate_limit_policy--global--descriptors--entries--request_header_value_match--headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.rate_limit_policy.global.descriptors.entries.request_header_value_match.headers`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the header to match against. Name is required.Header names are case insensitive.

Optional:

- `contains` (String) Contains specifies a substring that must be present inthe header value.
- `exact` (String) Exact specifies a string that the header value must be equal to.
- `ignore_case` (Boolean) IgnoreCase specifies that string matching should be case insensitive.Note that this has no effect on the Regex parameter.
- `notcontains` (String) NotContains specifies a substring that must not be presentin the header value.
- `notexact` (String) NoExact specifies a string that the header value must not beequal to. The condition is true if the header has any other value.
- `notpresent` (Boolean) NotPresent specifies that condition is true when the named headeris not present. Note that setting NotPresent to false does notmake the condition true if the named header is present.
- `present` (Boolean) Present specifies that condition is true when the named headeris present, regardless of its value. Note that setting Presentto false does not make the condition true if the named headeris absent.
- `regex` (String) Regex specifies a regular expression pattern that must match the headervalue.
- `treat_missing_as_empty` (Boolean) TreatMissingAsEmpty specifies if the header match rule specified headerdoes not exist, this header value will be treated as empty. Defaults to false.Unlike the underlying Envoy implementation this is **only** supported fornegative matches (e.g. NotContains, NotExact).






<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--rate_limit_policy--local"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.rate_limit_policy.local`

Required:

- `requests` (Number) Requests defines how many requests per unit of time shouldbe allowed before rate limiting occurs.
- `unit` (String) Unit defines the period of time within which requestsover the limit will be rate limited. Valid values are'second', 'minute' and 'hour'.

Optional:

- `burst` (Number) Burst defines the number of requests above the requests perunit that should be allowed within a short period of time.
- `response_headers_to_add` (Attributes List) ResponseHeadersToAdd is an optional list of response headers toset when a request is rate-limited. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--rate_limit_policy--local--response_headers_to_add))
- `response_status_code` (Number) ResponseStatusCode is the HTTP status code to use for responsesto rate-limited requests. Codes must be in the 400-599 range(inclusive). If not specified, the Envoy default of 429 (TooMany Requests) is used.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--rate_limit_policy--local--response_headers_to_add"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.rate_limit_policy.local.response_headers_to_add`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name represents a key of a header
- `value` (String) Value represents the value of a header specified by a key




<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--request_headers_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.request_headers_policy`

Optional:

- `remove` (List of String) Remove specifies a list of HTTP header names to remove.
- `set` (Attributes List) Set specifies a list of HTTP header values that will be set in the HTTP header.If the header does not exist it will be added, otherwise it will be overwritten with the new value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--request_headers_policy--set))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--request_headers_policy--set"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.request_headers_policy.set`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name represents a key of a header
- `value` (String) Value represents the value of a header specified by a key



<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--request_redirect_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.request_redirect_policy`

Optional:

- `hostname` (String) Hostname is the precise hostname to be used in the value of the 'Location'header in the response.When empty, the hostname of the request is used.No wildcards are allowed.
- `path` (String) Path allows for redirection to a different path from theoriginal on the request. The path must start with aleading slash.Note: Only one of Path or Prefix can be defined.
- `port` (Number) Port is the port to be used in the value of the 'Location'header in the response.When empty, port (if specified) of the request is used.
- `prefix` (String) Prefix defines the value to swap the matched prefix or path with.The prefix must start with a leading slash.Note: Only one of Path or Prefix can be defined.
- `scheme` (String) Scheme is the scheme to be used in the value of the 'Location'header in the response.When empty, the scheme of the request is used.
- `status_code` (Number) StatusCode is the HTTP status code to be used in response.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--response_headers_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.response_headers_policy`

Optional:

- `remove` (List of String) Remove specifies a list of HTTP header names to remove.
- `set` (Attributes List) Set specifies a list of HTTP header values that will be set in the HTTP header.If the header does not exist it will be added, otherwise it will be overwritten with the new value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--response_headers_policy--set))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--response_headers_policy--set"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.response_headers_policy.set`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name represents a key of a header
- `value` (String) Value represents the value of a header specified by a key



<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--retry_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.retry_policy`

Optional:

- `count` (Number) NumRetries is maximum allowed number of retries.If set to -1, then retries are disabled.If set to 0 or not supplied, the value is setto the Envoy default of 1.
- `per_try_timeout` (String) PerTryTimeout specifies the timeout per retry attempt.Ignored if NumRetries is not supplied.
- `retriable_status_codes` (List of String) RetriableStatusCodes specifies the HTTP status codes that should be retried.This field is only respected when you include 'retriable-status-codes' in the 'RetryOn' field.
- `retry_on` (List of String) RetryOn specifies the conditions on which to retry a request.Supported [HTTP conditions](https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/configuration/http/http_filters/router_filter#x-envoy-retry-on):- '5xx'- 'gateway-error'- 'reset'- 'connect-failure'- 'retriable-4xx'- 'refused-stream'- 'retriable-status-codes'- 'retriable-headers'Supported [gRPC conditions](https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/configuration/http/http_filters/router_filter#x-envoy-retry-grpc-on):- 'cancelled'- 'deadline-exceeded'- 'internal'- 'resource-exhausted'- 'unavailable'


<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--services"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.services`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of Kubernetes service to proxy traffic.Names defined here will be used to look up corresponding endpoints which contain the ips to route.
- `port` (Number) Port (defined as Integer) to proxy traffic to since a service can have multiple defined.

Optional:

- `cookie_rewrite_policies` (Attributes List) The policies for rewriting Set-Cookie header attributes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--services--cookie_rewrite_policies))
- `health_port` (Number) HealthPort is the port for this service healthcheck.If not specified, Port is used for service healthchecks.
- `mirror` (Boolean) If Mirror is true the Service will receive a read only mirror of the traffic for this route.If Mirror is true, then fractional mirroring can be enabled by optionally setting the Weightfield. Legal values for Weight are 1-100. Omitting the Weight field will result in 100% mirroring.NOTE: Setting Weight explicitly to 0 will unexpectedly result in 100% traffic mirroring. Thisoccurs since we cannot distinguish omitted fields from those explicitly set to their defaultvalues
- `protocol` (String) Protocol may be used to specify (or override) the protocol used to reach this Service.Values may be tls, h2, h2c. If omitted, protocol-selection falls back on Service annotations.
- `request_headers_policy` (Attributes) The policy for managing request headers during proxying. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--services--request_headers_policy))
- `response_headers_policy` (Attributes) The policy for managing response headers during proxying.Rewriting the 'Host' header is not supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--services--response_headers_policy))
- `slow_start_policy` (Attributes) Slow start will gradually increase amount of traffic to a newly added endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--services--slow_start_policy))
- `validation` (Attributes) UpstreamValidation defines how to verify the backend service's certificate (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--services--validation))
- `weight` (Number) Weight defines percentage of traffic to balance traffic

<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--services--cookie_rewrite_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.services.cookie_rewrite_policies`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the cookie for which attributes will be rewritten.

Optional:

- `domain_rewrite` (Attributes) DomainRewrite enables rewriting the Set-Cookie Domain element.If not set, Domain will not be rewritten. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--services--cookie_rewrite_policies--domain_rewrite))
- `path_rewrite` (Attributes) PathRewrite enables rewriting the Set-Cookie Path element.If not set, Path will not be rewritten. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--services--cookie_rewrite_policies--path_rewrite))
- `same_site` (String) SameSite enables rewriting the Set-Cookie SameSite element.If not set, SameSite attribute will not be rewritten.
- `secure` (Boolean) Secure enables rewriting the Set-Cookie Secure element.If not set, Secure attribute will not be rewritten.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--services--cookie_rewrite_policies--domain_rewrite"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.services.cookie_rewrite_policies.domain_rewrite`

Required:

- `value` (String) Value is the value to rewrite the Domain attribute to.For now this is required.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--services--cookie_rewrite_policies--path_rewrite"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.services.cookie_rewrite_policies.path_rewrite`

Required:

- `value` (String) Value is the value to rewrite the Path attribute to.For now this is required.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--services--request_headers_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.services.request_headers_policy`

Optional:

- `remove` (List of String) Remove specifies a list of HTTP header names to remove.
- `set` (Attributes List) Set specifies a list of HTTP header values that will be set in the HTTP header.If the header does not exist it will be added, otherwise it will be overwritten with the new value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--services--request_headers_policy--set))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--services--request_headers_policy--set"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.services.request_headers_policy.set`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name represents a key of a header
- `value` (String) Value represents the value of a header specified by a key



<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--services--response_headers_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.services.response_headers_policy`

Optional:

- `remove` (List of String) Remove specifies a list of HTTP header names to remove.
- `set` (Attributes List) Set specifies a list of HTTP header values that will be set in the HTTP header.If the header does not exist it will be added, otherwise it will be overwritten with the new value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--services--response_headers_policy--set))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--services--response_headers_policy--set"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.services.response_headers_policy.set`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name represents a key of a header
- `value` (String) Value represents the value of a header specified by a key



<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--services--slow_start_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.services.slow_start_policy`

Required:

- `window` (String) The duration of slow start window.Duration is expressed in the Go [Duration format](https://godoc.org/time#ParseDuration).Valid time units are 'ns', 'us' (or 'µs'), 'ms', 's', 'm', 'h'.

Optional:

- `aggression` (String) The speed of traffic increase over the slow start window.Defaults to 1.0, so that endpoint would get linearly increasing amount of traffic.When increasing the value for this parameter, the speed of traffic ramp-up increases non-linearly.The value of aggression parameter should be greater than 0.0.More info: https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/intro/arch_overview/upstream/load_balancing/slow_start
- `min_weight_percent` (Number) The minimum or starting percentage of traffic to send to new endpoints.A non-zero value helps avoid a too small initial weight, which may cause endpoints in slow start mode to receive no traffic in the beginning of the slow start window.If not specified, the default is 10%.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--services--validation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.services.validation`

Required:

- `ca_secret` (String) Name or namespaced name of the Kubernetes secret used to validate the certificate presented by the backend.The secret must contain key named ca.crt.The name can be optionally prefixed with namespace 'namespace/name'.When cross-namespace reference is used, TLSCertificateDelegation resource must exist in the namespace to grant access to the secret.Max length should be the actual max possible length of a namespaced name (63 + 253 + 1 = 317)
- `subject_name` (String) Key which is expected to be present in the 'subjectAltName' of the presented certificate.Deprecated: migrate to using the plural field subjectNames.

Optional:

- `subject_names` (List of String) List of keys, of which at least one is expected to be present in the 'subjectAltName of thepresented certificate.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--timeout_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.timeout_policy`

Optional:

- `idle` (String) Timeout for how long the proxy should wait while there is no activity during single request/response (for HTTP/1.1) or stream (for HTTP/2).Timeout will not trigger while HTTP/1.1 connection is idle between two consecutive requests.If not specified, there is no per-route idle timeout, though a connection manager-widestream_idle_timeout default of 5m still applies.
- `idle_connection` (String) Timeout for how long connection from the proxy to the upstream service is kept when there are no active requests.If not supplied, Envoy's default value of 1h applies.
- `response` (String) Timeout for receiving a response from the server after processing a request from client.If not supplied, Envoy's default value of 15s applies.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--tcpproxy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tcpproxy`

Optional:

- `health_check_policy` (Attributes) The health check policy for this tcp proxy (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tcpproxy--health_check_policy))
- `include` (Attributes) Include specifies that this tcpproxy should be delegated to another HTTPProxy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tcpproxy--include))
- `includes` (Attributes) IncludesDeprecated allow for specific routing configuration to be appended to another HTTPProxy in another namespace.Exists due to a mistake when developing HTTPProxy and the field was marked pluralwhen it should have been singular. This field should stay to not break backwards compatibility to v1 users. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tcpproxy--includes))
- `load_balancer_policy` (Attributes) The load balancing policy for the backend services. Note that the'Cookie' and 'RequestHash' load balancing strategies cannot be usedhere. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tcpproxy--load_balancer_policy))
- `services` (Attributes List) Services are the services to proxy traffic (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tcpproxy--services))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--tcpproxy--health_check_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tcpproxy.health_check_policy`

Optional:

- `healthy_threshold_count` (Number) The number of healthy health checks required before a host is marked healthy
- `interval_seconds` (Number) The interval (seconds) between health checks
- `timeout_seconds` (Number) The time to wait (seconds) for a health check response
- `unhealthy_threshold_count` (Number) The number of unhealthy health checks required before a host is marked unhealthy


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tcpproxy--include"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tcpproxy.include`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the child HTTPProxy

Optional:

- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the HTTPProxy to include. Defaults to the current namespace if not supplied.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tcpproxy--includes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tcpproxy.includes`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the child HTTPProxy

Optional:

- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the HTTPProxy to include. Defaults to the current namespace if not supplied.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tcpproxy--load_balancer_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tcpproxy.load_balancer_policy`

Optional:

- `request_hash_policies` (Attributes List) RequestHashPolicies contains a list of hash policies to apply when the'RequestHash' load balancing strategy is chosen. If an element of thesupplied list of hash policies is invalid, it will be ignored. If thelist of hash policies is empty after validation, the load balancingstrategy will fall back to the default 'RoundRobin'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tcpproxy--load_balancer_policy--request_hash_policies))
- `strategy` (String) Strategy specifies the policy used to balance requestsacross the pool of backend pods. Valid policy names are'Random', 'RoundRobin', 'WeightedLeastRequest', 'Cookie',and 'RequestHash'. If an unknown strategy name is specifiedor no policy is supplied, the default 'RoundRobin' policyis used.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--tcpproxy--load_balancer_policy--request_hash_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tcpproxy.load_balancer_policy.request_hash_policies`

Optional:

- `hash_source_ip` (Boolean) HashSourceIP should be set to true when request source IP hash basedload balancing is desired. It must be the only hash option field set,otherwise this request hash policy object will be ignored.
- `header_hash_options` (Attributes) HeaderHashOptions should be set when request header hash based loadbalancing is desired. It must be the only hash option field set,otherwise this request hash policy object will be ignored. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tcpproxy--load_balancer_policy--request_hash_policies--header_hash_options))
- `query_parameter_hash_options` (Attributes) QueryParameterHashOptions should be set when request query parameter hash based loadbalancing is desired. It must be the only hash option field set,otherwise this request hash policy object will be ignored. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tcpproxy--load_balancer_policy--request_hash_policies--query_parameter_hash_options))
- `terminal` (Boolean) Terminal is a flag that allows for short-circuiting computing of a hashfor a given request. If set to true, and the request attribute specifiedin the attribute hash options is present, no further hash policies willbe used to calculate a hash for the request.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--tcpproxy--load_balancer_policy--request_hash_policies--header_hash_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tcpproxy.load_balancer_policy.request_hash_policies.header_hash_options`

Optional:

- `header_name` (String) HeaderName is the name of the HTTP request header that will be used tocalculate the hash key. If the header specified is not present on arequest, no hash will be produced.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tcpproxy--load_balancer_policy--request_hash_policies--query_parameter_hash_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tcpproxy.load_balancer_policy.request_hash_policies.query_parameter_hash_options`

Optional:

- `parameter_name` (String) ParameterName is the name of the HTTP request query parameter that will be used tocalculate the hash key. If the query parameter specified is not present on arequest, no hash will be produced.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--tcpproxy--services"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tcpproxy.services`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of Kubernetes service to proxy traffic.Names defined here will be used to look up corresponding endpoints which contain the ips to route.
- `port` (Number) Port (defined as Integer) to proxy traffic to since a service can have multiple defined.

Optional:

- `cookie_rewrite_policies` (Attributes List) The policies for rewriting Set-Cookie header attributes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tcpproxy--services--cookie_rewrite_policies))
- `health_port` (Number) HealthPort is the port for this service healthcheck.If not specified, Port is used for service healthchecks.
- `mirror` (Boolean) If Mirror is true the Service will receive a read only mirror of the traffic for this route.If Mirror is true, then fractional mirroring can be enabled by optionally setting the Weightfield. Legal values for Weight are 1-100. Omitting the Weight field will result in 100% mirroring.NOTE: Setting Weight explicitly to 0 will unexpectedly result in 100% traffic mirroring. Thisoccurs since we cannot distinguish omitted fields from those explicitly set to their defaultvalues
- `protocol` (String) Protocol may be used to specify (or override) the protocol used to reach this Service.Values may be tls, h2, h2c. If omitted, protocol-selection falls back on Service annotations.
- `request_headers_policy` (Attributes) The policy for managing request headers during proxying. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tcpproxy--services--request_headers_policy))
- `response_headers_policy` (Attributes) The policy for managing response headers during proxying.Rewriting the 'Host' header is not supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tcpproxy--services--response_headers_policy))
- `slow_start_policy` (Attributes) Slow start will gradually increase amount of traffic to a newly added endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tcpproxy--services--slow_start_policy))
- `validation` (Attributes) UpstreamValidation defines how to verify the backend service's certificate (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tcpproxy--services--validation))
- `weight` (Number) Weight defines percentage of traffic to balance traffic

<a id="nestedatt--spec--tcpproxy--services--cookie_rewrite_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tcpproxy.services.cookie_rewrite_policies`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the cookie for which attributes will be rewritten.

Optional:

- `domain_rewrite` (Attributes) DomainRewrite enables rewriting the Set-Cookie Domain element.If not set, Domain will not be rewritten. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tcpproxy--services--cookie_rewrite_policies--domain_rewrite))
- `path_rewrite` (Attributes) PathRewrite enables rewriting the Set-Cookie Path element.If not set, Path will not be rewritten. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tcpproxy--services--cookie_rewrite_policies--path_rewrite))
- `same_site` (String) SameSite enables rewriting the Set-Cookie SameSite element.If not set, SameSite attribute will not be rewritten.
- `secure` (Boolean) Secure enables rewriting the Set-Cookie Secure element.If not set, Secure attribute will not be rewritten.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--tcpproxy--services--cookie_rewrite_policies--domain_rewrite"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tcpproxy.services.cookie_rewrite_policies.domain_rewrite`

Required:

- `value` (String) Value is the value to rewrite the Domain attribute to.For now this is required.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tcpproxy--services--cookie_rewrite_policies--path_rewrite"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tcpproxy.services.cookie_rewrite_policies.path_rewrite`

Required:

- `value` (String) Value is the value to rewrite the Path attribute to.For now this is required.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--tcpproxy--services--request_headers_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tcpproxy.services.request_headers_policy`

Optional:

- `remove` (List of String) Remove specifies a list of HTTP header names to remove.
- `set` (Attributes List) Set specifies a list of HTTP header values that will be set in the HTTP header.If the header does not exist it will be added, otherwise it will be overwritten with the new value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tcpproxy--services--request_headers_policy--set))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--tcpproxy--services--request_headers_policy--set"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tcpproxy.services.request_headers_policy.set`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name represents a key of a header
- `value` (String) Value represents the value of a header specified by a key



<a id="nestedatt--spec--tcpproxy--services--response_headers_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tcpproxy.services.response_headers_policy`

Optional:

- `remove` (List of String) Remove specifies a list of HTTP header names to remove.
- `set` (Attributes List) Set specifies a list of HTTP header values that will be set in the HTTP header.If the header does not exist it will be added, otherwise it will be overwritten with the new value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tcpproxy--services--response_headers_policy--set))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--tcpproxy--services--response_headers_policy--set"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tcpproxy.services.response_headers_policy.set`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name represents a key of a header
- `value` (String) Value represents the value of a header specified by a key



<a id="nestedatt--spec--tcpproxy--services--slow_start_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tcpproxy.services.slow_start_policy`

Required:

- `window` (String) The duration of slow start window.Duration is expressed in the Go [Duration format](https://godoc.org/time#ParseDuration).Valid time units are 'ns', 'us' (or 'µs'), 'ms', 's', 'm', 'h'.

Optional:

- `aggression` (String) The speed of traffic increase over the slow start window.Defaults to 1.0, so that endpoint would get linearly increasing amount of traffic.When increasing the value for this parameter, the speed of traffic ramp-up increases non-linearly.The value of aggression parameter should be greater than 0.0.More info: https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/intro/arch_overview/upstream/load_balancing/slow_start
- `min_weight_percent` (Number) The minimum or starting percentage of traffic to send to new endpoints.A non-zero value helps avoid a too small initial weight, which may cause endpoints in slow start mode to receive no traffic in the beginning of the slow start window.If not specified, the default is 10%.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tcpproxy--services--validation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tcpproxy.services.validation`

Required:

- `ca_secret` (String) Name or namespaced name of the Kubernetes secret used to validate the certificate presented by the backend.The secret must contain key named ca.crt.The name can be optionally prefixed with namespace 'namespace/name'.When cross-namespace reference is used, TLSCertificateDelegation resource must exist in the namespace to grant access to the secret.Max length should be the actual max possible length of a namespaced name (63 + 253 + 1 = 317)
- `subject_name` (String) Key which is expected to be present in the 'subjectAltName' of the presented certificate.Deprecated: migrate to using the plural field subjectNames.

Optional:

- `subject_names` (List of String) List of keys, of which at least one is expected to be present in the 'subjectAltName of thepresented certificate.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--virtualhost"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.virtualhost`

Required:

- `fqdn` (String) The fully qualified domain name of the root of the ingress treeall leaves of the DAG rooted at this object relate to the fqdn.

Optional:

- `authorization` (Attributes) This field configures an extension service to performauthorization for this virtual host. Authorization canonly be configured on virtual hosts that have TLS enabled.If the TLS configuration requires client certificatevalidation, the client certificate is always included in theauthentication check request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--virtualhost--authorization))
- `cors_policy` (Attributes) Specifies the cross-origin policy to apply to the VirtualHost. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--virtualhost--cors_policy))
- `ip_allow_policy` (Attributes List) IPAllowFilterPolicy is a list of ipv4/6 filter rules for which matchingrequests should be allowed. All other requests will be denied.Only one of IPAllowFilterPolicy and IPDenyFilterPolicy can be defined.The rules defined here may be overridden in a Route. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--virtualhost--ip_allow_policy))
- `ip_deny_policy` (Attributes List) IPDenyFilterPolicy is a list of ipv4/6 filter rules for which matchingrequests should be denied. All other requests will be allowed.Only one of IPAllowFilterPolicy and IPDenyFilterPolicy can be defined.The rules defined here may be overridden in a Route. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--virtualhost--ip_deny_policy))
- `jwt_providers` (Attributes List) Providers to use for verifying JSON Web Tokens (JWTs) on the virtual host. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--virtualhost--jwt_providers))
- `rate_limit_policy` (Attributes) The policy for rate limiting on the virtual host. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--virtualhost--rate_limit_policy))
- `tls` (Attributes) If present the fields describes TLS properties of the virtualhost. The SNI names that will be matched on are described in fqdn,the tls.secretName secret must contain a certificate that itselfcontains a name that matches the FQDN. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--virtualhost--tls))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--virtualhost--authorization"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.virtualhost.authorization`

Optional:

- `auth_policy` (Attributes) AuthPolicy sets a default authorization policy for client requests.This policy will be used unless overridden by individual routes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--virtualhost--authorization--auth_policy))
- `extension_ref` (Attributes) ExtensionServiceRef specifies the extension resource that will authorize client requests. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--virtualhost--authorization--extension_ref))
- `fail_open` (Boolean) If FailOpen is true, the client request is forwarded to the upstream serviceeven if the authorization server fails to respond. This field should not beset in most cases. It is intended for use only while migrating applicationsfrom internal authorization to Contour external authorization.
- `response_timeout` (String) ResponseTimeout configures maximum time to wait for a check response from the authorization server.Timeout durations are expressed in the Go [Duration format](https://godoc.org/time#ParseDuration).Valid time units are 'ns', 'us' (or 'µs'), 'ms', 's', 'm', 'h'.The string 'infinity' is also a valid input and specifies no timeout.
- `with_request_body` (Attributes) WithRequestBody specifies configuration for sending the client request's body to authorization server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--virtualhost--authorization--with_request_body))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--virtualhost--authorization--auth_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.virtualhost.authorization.auth_policy`

Optional:

- `context` (Map of String) Context is a set of key/value pairs that are sent to theauthentication server in the check request. If a contextis provided at an enclosing scope, the entries are mergedsuch that the inner scope overrides matching keys from theouter scope.
- `disabled` (Boolean) When true, this field disables client request authenticationfor the scope of the policy.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--virtualhost--authorization--extension_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.virtualhost.authorization.extension_ref`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.If this field is not specified, the default 'projectcontour.io/v1alpha1' will be used
- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent.If this field is not specifies, the namespace of the resource that targets the referent will be used.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/


<a id="nestedatt--spec--virtualhost--authorization--with_request_body"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.virtualhost.authorization.with_request_body`

Optional:

- `allow_partial_message` (Boolean) If AllowPartialMessage is true, then Envoy will buffer the body until MaxRequestBytes are reached.
- `max_request_bytes` (Number) MaxRequestBytes sets the maximum size of message body ExtAuthz filter will hold in-memory.
- `pack_as_bytes` (Boolean) If PackAsBytes is true, the body sent to Authorization Server is in raw bytes.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--virtualhost--cors_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.virtualhost.cors_policy`

Required:

- `allow_methods` (List of String) AllowMethods specifies the content for the *access-control-allow-methods* header.
- `allow_origin` (List of String) AllowOrigin specifies the origins that will be allowed to do CORS requests.Allowed values include '*' which signifies any origin is allowed, an exactorigin of the form 'scheme://host[:port]' (where port is optional), or a validregex pattern.Note that regex patterns are validated and a simple 'glob' pattern (e.g. *.foo.com)will be rejected or produce unexpected matches when applied as a regex.

Optional:

- `allow_credentials` (Boolean) Specifies whether the resource allows credentials.
- `allow_headers` (List of String) AllowHeaders specifies the content for the *access-control-allow-headers* header.
- `allow_private_network` (Boolean) AllowPrivateNetwork specifies whether to allow private network requests.See https://developer.chrome.com/blog/private-network-access-preflight.
- `expose_headers` (List of String) ExposeHeaders Specifies the content for the *access-control-expose-headers* header.
- `max_age` (String) MaxAge indicates for how long the results of a preflight request can be cached.MaxAge durations are expressed in the Go [Duration format](https://godoc.org/time#ParseDuration).Valid time units are 'ns', 'us' (or 'µs'), 'ms', 's', 'm', 'h'.Only positive values are allowed while 0 disables the cache requiring a preflight OPTIONScheck for all cross-origin requests.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--virtualhost--ip_allow_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.virtualhost.ip_allow_policy`

Required:

- `cidr` (String) CIDR is a CIDR block of ipv4 or ipv6 addresses to filter on. This can also bea bare IP address (without a mask) to filter on exactly one address.
- `source` (String) Source indicates how to determine the ip address to filter on, and can beone of two values: - 'Remote' filters on the ip address of the client, accounting for PROXY and   X-Forwarded-For as needed. - 'Peer' filters on the ip of the network request, ignoring PROXY and   X-Forwarded-For.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--virtualhost--ip_deny_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.virtualhost.ip_deny_policy`

Required:

- `cidr` (String) CIDR is a CIDR block of ipv4 or ipv6 addresses to filter on. This can also bea bare IP address (without a mask) to filter on exactly one address.
- `source` (String) Source indicates how to determine the ip address to filter on, and can beone of two values: - 'Remote' filters on the ip address of the client, accounting for PROXY and   X-Forwarded-For as needed. - 'Peer' filters on the ip of the network request, ignoring PROXY and   X-Forwarded-For.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--virtualhost--jwt_providers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.virtualhost.jwt_providers`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique name for the provider.
- `remote_jwks` (Attributes) Remote JWKS to use for verifying JWT signatures. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--virtualhost--jwt_providers--remote_jwks))

Optional:

- `audiences` (List of String) Audiences that JWTs are allowed to have in the 'aud' field.If not provided, JWT audiences are not checked.
- `default` (Boolean) Whether the provider should apply to allroutes in the HTTPProxy/its includes bydefault. At most one provider can be markedas the default. If no provider is markedas the default, individual routes must explicitlyidentify the provider they require.
- `forward_jwt` (Boolean) Whether the JWT should be forwarded to the backendservice after successful verification. By default,the JWT is not forwarded.
- `issuer` (String) Issuer that JWTs are required to have in the 'iss' field.If not provided, JWT issuers are not checked.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--virtualhost--jwt_providers--remote_jwks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.virtualhost.jwt_providers.remote_jwks`

Required:

- `uri` (String) The URI for the JWKS.

Optional:

- `cache_duration` (String) How long to cache the JWKS locally. If not specified,Envoy's default of 5m applies.
- `dns_lookup_family` (String) The DNS IP address resolution policy for the JWKS URI.When configured as 'v4', the DNS resolver will only perform a lookupfor addresses in the IPv4 family. If 'v6' is configured, the DNS resolverwill only perform a lookup for addresses in the IPv6 family.If 'all' is configured, the DNS resolverwill perform a lookup for addresses in both the IPv4 and IPv6 family.If 'auto' is configured, the DNS resolver will first perform a lookupfor addresses in the IPv6 family and fallback to a lookup for addressesin the IPv4 family. If not specified, the Contour-wide setting definedin the config file or ContourConfiguration applies (defaults to 'auto').See https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/api-v3/config/cluster/v3/cluster.proto.html#envoy-v3-api-enum-config-cluster-v3-cluster-dnslookupfamilyfor more information.
- `timeout` (String) How long to wait for a response from the URI.If not specified, a default of 1s applies.
- `validation` (Attributes) UpstreamValidation defines how to verify the JWKS's TLS certificate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--virtualhost--jwt_providers--remote_jwks--validation))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--virtualhost--jwt_providers--remote_jwks--validation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.virtualhost.jwt_providers.remote_jwks.validation`

Required:

- `ca_secret` (String) Name or namespaced name of the Kubernetes secret used to validate the certificate presented by the backend.The secret must contain key named ca.crt.The name can be optionally prefixed with namespace 'namespace/name'.When cross-namespace reference is used, TLSCertificateDelegation resource must exist in the namespace to grant access to the secret.Max length should be the actual max possible length of a namespaced name (63 + 253 + 1 = 317)
- `subject_name` (String) Key which is expected to be present in the 'subjectAltName' of the presented certificate.Deprecated: migrate to using the plural field subjectNames.

Optional:

- `subject_names` (List of String) List of keys, of which at least one is expected to be present in the 'subjectAltName of thepresented certificate.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--virtualhost--rate_limit_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.virtualhost.rate_limit_policy`

Optional:

- `global` (Attributes) Global defines global rate limiting parameters, i.e. parametersdefining descriptors that are sent to an external rate limitservice (RLS) for a rate limit decision on each request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--virtualhost--rate_limit_policy--global))
- `local` (Attributes) Local defines local rate limiting parameters, i.e. parametersfor rate limiting that occurs within each Envoy pod as requestsare handled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--virtualhost--rate_limit_policy--local))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--virtualhost--rate_limit_policy--global"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.virtualhost.rate_limit_policy.global`

Optional:

- `descriptors` (Attributes List) Descriptors defines the list of descriptors that willbe generated and sent to the rate limit service. Eachdescriptor contains 1+ key-value pair entries. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--virtualhost--rate_limit_policy--global--descriptors))
- `disabled` (Boolean) Disabled configures the HTTPProxy to not usethe default global rate limit policy defined by the Contour configuration.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--virtualhost--rate_limit_policy--global--descriptors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.virtualhost.rate_limit_policy.global.descriptors`

Optional:

- `entries` (Attributes List) Entries is the list of key-value pair generators. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--virtualhost--rate_limit_policy--global--descriptors--entries))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--virtualhost--rate_limit_policy--global--descriptors--entries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.virtualhost.rate_limit_policy.global.descriptors.entries`

Optional:

- `generic_key` (Attributes) GenericKey defines a descriptor entry with a static key and value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--virtualhost--rate_limit_policy--global--descriptors--entries--generic_key))
- `remote_address` (Map of String) RemoteAddress defines a descriptor entry with a key of 'remote_address'and a value equal to the client's IP address (from x-forwarded-for).
- `request_header` (Attributes) RequestHeader defines a descriptor entry that's populated only ifa given header is present on the request. The descriptor key is static,and the descriptor value is equal to the value of the header. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--virtualhost--rate_limit_policy--global--descriptors--entries--request_header))
- `request_header_value_match` (Attributes) RequestHeaderValueMatch defines a descriptor entry that's populatedif the request's headers match a set of 1+ match criteria. Thedescriptor key is 'header_match', and the descriptor value is static. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--virtualhost--rate_limit_policy--global--descriptors--entries--request_header_value_match))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--virtualhost--rate_limit_policy--global--descriptors--entries--generic_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.virtualhost.rate_limit_policy.global.descriptors.entries.generic_key`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Key defines the key of the descriptor entry. If not set, thekey is set to 'generic_key'.
- `value` (String) Value defines the value of the descriptor entry.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--virtualhost--rate_limit_policy--global--descriptors--entries--request_header"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.virtualhost.rate_limit_policy.global.descriptors.entries.request_header`

Optional:

- `descriptor_key` (String) DescriptorKey defines the key to use on the descriptor entry.
- `header_name` (String) HeaderName defines the name of the header to look for on the request.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--virtualhost--rate_limit_policy--global--descriptors--entries--request_header_value_match"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.virtualhost.rate_limit_policy.global.descriptors.entries.request_header_value_match`

Optional:

- `expect_match` (Boolean) ExpectMatch defines whether the request must positively match the matchcriteria in order to generate a descriptor entry (i.e. true), or notmatch the match criteria in order to generate a descriptor entry (i.e. false).The default is true.
- `headers` (Attributes List) Headers is a list of 1+ match criteria to apply against the requestto determine whether to populate the descriptor entry or not. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--virtualhost--rate_limit_policy--global--descriptors--entries--request_header_value_match--headers))
- `value` (String) Value defines the value of the descriptor entry.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--virtualhost--rate_limit_policy--global--descriptors--entries--request_header_value_match--headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.virtualhost.rate_limit_policy.global.descriptors.entries.request_header_value_match.headers`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the header to match against. Name is required.Header names are case insensitive.

Optional:

- `contains` (String) Contains specifies a substring that must be present inthe header value.
- `exact` (String) Exact specifies a string that the header value must be equal to.
- `ignore_case` (Boolean) IgnoreCase specifies that string matching should be case insensitive.Note that this has no effect on the Regex parameter.
- `notcontains` (String) NotContains specifies a substring that must not be presentin the header value.
- `notexact` (String) NoExact specifies a string that the header value must not beequal to. The condition is true if the header has any other value.
- `notpresent` (Boolean) NotPresent specifies that condition is true when the named headeris not present. Note that setting NotPresent to false does notmake the condition true if the named header is present.
- `present` (Boolean) Present specifies that condition is true when the named headeris present, regardless of its value. Note that setting Presentto false does not make the condition true if the named headeris absent.
- `regex` (String) Regex specifies a regular expression pattern that must match the headervalue.
- `treat_missing_as_empty` (Boolean) TreatMissingAsEmpty specifies if the header match rule specified headerdoes not exist, this header value will be treated as empty. Defaults to false.Unlike the underlying Envoy implementation this is **only** supported fornegative matches (e.g. NotContains, NotExact).






<a id="nestedatt--spec--virtualhost--rate_limit_policy--local"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.virtualhost.rate_limit_policy.local`

Required:

- `requests` (Number) Requests defines how many requests per unit of time shouldbe allowed before rate limiting occurs.
- `unit` (String) Unit defines the period of time within which requestsover the limit will be rate limited. Valid values are'second', 'minute' and 'hour'.

Optional:

- `burst` (Number) Burst defines the number of requests above the requests perunit that should be allowed within a short period of time.
- `response_headers_to_add` (Attributes List) ResponseHeadersToAdd is an optional list of response headers toset when a request is rate-limited. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--virtualhost--rate_limit_policy--local--response_headers_to_add))
- `response_status_code` (Number) ResponseStatusCode is the HTTP status code to use for responsesto rate-limited requests. Codes must be in the 400-599 range(inclusive). If not specified, the Envoy default of 429 (TooMany Requests) is used.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--virtualhost--rate_limit_policy--local--response_headers_to_add"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.virtualhost.rate_limit_policy.local.response_headers_to_add`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name represents a key of a header
- `value` (String) Value represents the value of a header specified by a key




<a id="nestedatt--spec--virtualhost--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.virtualhost.tls`

Optional:

- `client_validation` (Attributes) ClientValidation defines how to verify the client certificatewhen an external client establishes a TLS connection to Envoy.This setting:1. Enables TLS client certificate validation.2. Specifies how the client certificate will be validated (i.e.   validation required or skipped).Note: Setting client certificate validation to be skipped shouldbe only used in conjunction with an external authorization server thatperforms client validation as Contour will ensure client certificatesare passed along. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--virtualhost--tls--client_validation))
- `enable_fallback_certificate` (Boolean) EnableFallbackCertificate defines if the vhost should allow a default certificate tobe applied which handles all requests which don't match the SNI defined in this vhost.
- `maximum_protocol_version` (String) MaximumProtocolVersion is the maximum TLS version this vhost shouldnegotiate. Valid options are '1.2' and '1.3' (default). Any other valuedefaults to TLS 1.3.
- `minimum_protocol_version` (String) MinimumProtocolVersion is the minimum TLS version this vhost shouldnegotiate. Valid options are '1.2' (default) and '1.3'. Any other valuedefaults to TLS 1.2.
- `passthrough` (Boolean) Passthrough defines whether the encrypted TLS handshake will bepassed through to the backing cluster. Either Passthrough orSecretName must be specified, but not both.
- `secret_name` (String) SecretName is the name of a TLS secret.Either SecretName or Passthrough must be specified, but not both.If specified, the named secret must contain a matching certificatefor the virtual host's FQDN.The name can be optionally prefixed with namespace 'namespace/name'.When cross-namespace reference is used, TLSCertificateDelegation resource must exist in the namespace to grant access to the secret.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--virtualhost--tls--client_validation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.virtualhost.tls.client_validation`

Optional:

- `ca_secret` (String) Name of a Kubernetes secret that contains a CA certificate bundle.The secret must contain key named ca.crt.The client certificate must validate against the certificates in the bundle.If specified and SkipClientCertValidation is true, client certificates willbe required on requests.The name can be optionally prefixed with namespace 'namespace/name'.When cross-namespace reference is used, TLSCertificateDelegation resource must exist in the namespace to grant access to the secret.
- `crl_only_verify_leaf_cert` (Boolean) If this option is set to true, only the certificate at the end of thecertificate chain will be subject to validation by CRL.
- `crl_secret` (String) Name of a Kubernetes opaque secret that contains a concatenated list of PEM encoded CRLs.The secret must contain key named crl.pem.This field will be used to verify that a client certificate has not been revoked.CRLs must be available from all CAs, unless crlOnlyVerifyLeafCert is true.Large CRL lists are not supported since individual secrets are limited to 1MiB in size.The name can be optionally prefixed with namespace 'namespace/name'.When cross-namespace reference is used, TLSCertificateDelegation resource must exist in the namespace to grant access to the secret.
- `forward_client_certificate` (Attributes) ForwardClientCertificate adds the selected data from the passed client TLS certificateto the x-forwarded-client-cert header. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--virtualhost--tls--client_validation--forward_client_certificate))
- `optional_client_certificate` (Boolean) OptionalClientCertificate when set to true will request a client certificatebut allow the connection to continue if the client does not provide one.If a client certificate is sent, it will be verified according to theother properties, which includes disabling validation ifSkipClientCertValidation is set. Defaults to false.
- `skip_client_cert_validation` (Boolean) SkipClientCertValidation disables downstream client certificatevalidation. Defaults to false. This field is intended to be used inconjunction with external authorization in order to enable the externalauthorization server to validate client certificates. When this fieldis set to true, client certificates are requested but not verified byEnvoy. If CACertificate is specified, client certificates are required onrequests, but not verified. If external authorization is in use, they arepresented to the external authorization server.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--virtualhost--tls--client_validation--forward_client_certificate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.virtualhost.tls.client_validation.forward_client_certificate`

Optional:

- `cert` (Boolean) Client cert in URL encoded PEM format.
- `chain` (Boolean) Client cert chain (including the leaf cert) in URL encoded PEM format.
- `dns` (Boolean) DNS type Subject Alternative Names of the client cert.
- `subject` (Boolean) Subject of the client cert.
- `uri` (Boolean) URI type Subject Alternative Name of the client cert.
