---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_ptp_openshift_io_ptp_operator_config_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "ptp.openshift.io"
description: |-
  PtpOperatorConfig is the Schema for the ptpoperatorconfigs API
---

# k8s_ptp_openshift_io_ptp_operator_config_v1_manifest (Data Source)

PtpOperatorConfig is the Schema for the ptpoperatorconfigs API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_ptp_openshift_io_ptp_operator_config_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) PtpOperatorConfigSpec defines the desired state of PtpOperatorConfig. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `daemon_node_selector` (Map of String) DaemonNodeSelector specifies the node selector for the linuxptp daemon.This is a map of key-value pairs used to select the nodes where thelinuxptp daemon will run.If empty {}, the linuxptp daemon will be deployed on each node of the cluster.

Optional:

- `plugins` (Map of String) EnabledPlugins is a map of plugin names to their configuration settings.Each entry in the map specifies the configuration for a specific plugin.This field is optional and can be omitted if no plugins are enabled.
- `ptp_event_config` (Attributes) EventConfig contains the configuration settings for the PTP event sidecar.This field is optional and can be omitted if event sidecar configuration is not required. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ptp_event_config))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--ptp_event_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ptp_event_config`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) ApiVersion is used to determine which API is used for the event service1.0: default version. event service is mapped to internal REST-API.2.x: event service is mapped to O-RAN v3.0 Compliant O-Cloud Notification REST-API.
- `enable_event_publisher` (Boolean) EnableEventPublisher will deploy event proxy as a sidecar
- `storage_type` (String) StorageType is the type of storage to store subscription data
- `transport_host` (String) TransportHost format is <protocol>://<transport-service>.<namespace>.svc.cluster.local:<transport-port>Example HTTP transport: 'http://ptp-event-publisher-service-NODE_NAME.openshift-ptp.svc.cluster.local:9043'
