---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_quota_openshift_io_cluster_resource_quota_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "quota.openshift.io"
description: |-
  ClusterResourceQuota mirrors ResourceQuota at a cluster scope.  This object is easily convertible to synthetic ResourceQuota object to allow quota evaluation re-use.  Compatibility level 1: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 12 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).
---

# k8s_quota_openshift_io_cluster_resource_quota_v1_manifest (Data Source)

ClusterResourceQuota mirrors ResourceQuota at a cluster scope.  This object is easily convertible to synthetic ResourceQuota object to allow quota evaluation re-use.  Compatibility level 1: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 12 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_quota_openshift_io_cluster_resource_quota_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) Spec defines the desired quota (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `quota` (Attributes) Quota defines the desired quota (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--quota))
- `selector` (Attributes) Selector is the selector used to match projects. It should only select active projects on the scale of dozens (though it can select many more less active projects).  These projects will contend on object creation through this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--selector))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--quota"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.quota`

Optional:

- `hard` (Map of String) hard is the set of desired hard limits for each named resource. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/policy/resource-quotas/
- `scope_selector` (Attributes) scopeSelector is also a collection of filters like scopes that must match each object tracked by a quota but expressed using ScopeSelectorOperator in combination with possible values. For a resource to match, both scopes AND scopeSelector (if specified in spec), must be matched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--quota--scope_selector))
- `scopes` (List of String) A collection of filters that must match each object tracked by a quota. If not specified, the quota matches all objects.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--quota--scope_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.quota.scope_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) A list of scope selector requirements by scope of the resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--quota--scope_selector--match_expressions))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--quota--scope_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.quota.scope_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `operator` (String) Represents a scope's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist.
- `scope_name` (String) The name of the scope that the selector applies to.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.selector`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) AnnotationSelector is used to select projects by annotation.
- `labels` (Attributes) LabelSelector is used to select projects by label. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--selector--labels))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--selector--labels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.selector.labels`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--selector--labels--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--selector--labels--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.selector.labels.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.
