---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_rbac_authorization_k8s_io_role_binding_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "rbac.authorization.k8s.io"
description: |-
  RoleBinding references a role, but does not contain it. It can reference a Role in the same namespace or a ClusterRole in the global namespace. It adds who information via Subjects and namespace information by which namespace it exists in. RoleBindings in a given namespace only have effect in that namespace.
---

# k8s_rbac_authorization_k8s_io_role_binding_v1_manifest (Data Source)

RoleBinding references a role, but does not contain it. It can reference a Role in the same namespace or a ClusterRole in the global namespace. It adds who information via Subjects and namespace information by which namespace it exists in. RoleBindings in a given namespace only have effect in that namespace.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_rbac_authorization_k8s_io_role_binding_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
  role_ref = {
    api_group = "rbac.authorization.k8s.io"
    kind      = "Role"
    name      = "admin"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `role_ref` (Attributes) RoleRef contains information that points to the role being used (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--role_ref))

### Optional

- `subjects` (Attributes List) Subjects holds references to the objects the role applies to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subjects))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--role_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `role_ref`

Required:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup is the group for the resource being referenced
- `kind` (String) Kind is the type of resource being referenced
- `name` (String) Name is the name of resource being referenced


<a id="nestedatt--subjects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subjects`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind of object being referenced. Values defined by this API group are 'User', 'Group', and 'ServiceAccount'. If the Authorizer does not recognized the kind value, the Authorizer should report an error.
- `name` (String) Name of the object being referenced.

Optional:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup holds the API group of the referenced subject. Defaults to '' for ServiceAccount subjects. Defaults to 'rbac.authorization.k8s.io' for User and Group subjects.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referenced object. If the object kind is non-namespace, such as 'User' or 'Group', and this value is not empty the Authorizer should report an error.
