---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_rbac_authorization_k8s_io_cluster_role_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "rbac.authorization.k8s.io"
description: |-
  ClusterRole is a cluster level, logical grouping of PolicyRules that can be referenced as a unit by a RoleBinding or ClusterRoleBinding.
---

# k8s_rbac_authorization_k8s_io_cluster_role_v1_manifest (Data Source)

ClusterRole is a cluster level, logical grouping of PolicyRules that can be referenced as a unit by a RoleBinding or ClusterRoleBinding.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_rbac_authorization_k8s_io_cluster_role_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `aggregation_rule` (Attributes) AggregationRule describes how to locate ClusterRoles to aggregate into the ClusterRole (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--aggregation_rule))
- `rules` (Attributes List) Rules holds all the PolicyRules for this ClusterRole (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--aggregation_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `aggregation_rule`

Optional:

- `cluster_role_selectors` (Attributes List) ClusterRoleSelectors holds a list of selectors which will be used to find ClusterRoles and create the rules. If any of the selectors match, then the ClusterRole's permissions will be added (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--aggregation_rule--cluster_role_selectors))

<a id="nestedatt--aggregation_rule--cluster_role_selectors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `aggregation_rule.cluster_role_selectors`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--aggregation_rule--cluster_role_selectors--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--aggregation_rule--cluster_role_selectors--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `aggregation_rule.cluster_role_selectors.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Required:

- `verbs` (List of String) Verbs is a list of Verbs that apply to ALL the ResourceKinds contained in this rule. '*' represents all verbs.

Optional:

- `api_groups` (List of String) APIGroups is the name of the APIGroup that contains the resources. If multiple API groups are specified, any action requested against one of the enumerated resources in any API group will be allowed. '' represents the core API group and '*' represents all API groups.
- `non_resource_urls` (List of String) NonResourceURLs is a set of partial urls that a user should have access to. *s are allowed, but only as the full, final step in the path Since non-resource URLs are not namespaced, this field is only applicable for ClusterRoles referenced from a ClusterRoleBinding. Rules can either apply to API resources (such as 'pods' or 'secrets') or non-resource URL paths (such as '/api'), but not both.
- `resource_names` (List of String) ResourceNames is an optional white list of names that the rule applies to. An empty set means that everything is allowed.
- `resources` (List of String) Resources is a list of resources this rule applies to. '*' represents all resources.
