---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_rbac_authorization_k8s_io_cluster_role_binding_v1 Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "rbac.authorization.k8s.io"
description: |-
  ClusterRoleBinding references a ClusterRole, but not contain it.  It can reference a ClusterRole in the global namespace, and adds who information via Subject.
---

# k8s_rbac_authorization_k8s_io_cluster_role_binding_v1 (Data Source)

ClusterRoleBinding references a ClusterRole, but not contain it.  It can reference a ClusterRole in the global namespace, and adds who information via Subject.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_rbac_authorization_k8s_io_cluster_role_binding_v1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.
- `role_ref` (Attributes) RoleRef contains information that points to the role being used (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--role_ref))
- `subjects` (Attributes List) Subjects holds references to the objects the role applies to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subjects))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--role_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `role_ref`

Read-Only:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup is the group for the resource being referenced
- `kind` (String) Kind is the type of resource being referenced
- `name` (String) Name is the name of resource being referenced


<a id="nestedatt--subjects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subjects`

Read-Only:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup holds the API group of the referenced subject. Defaults to '' for ServiceAccount subjects. Defaults to 'rbac.authorization.k8s.io' for User and Group subjects.
- `kind` (String) Kind of object being referenced. Values defined by this API group are 'User', 'Group', and 'ServiceAccount'. If the Authorizer does not recognized the kind value, the Authorizer should report an error.
- `name` (String) Name of the object being referenced.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referenced object.  If the object kind is non-namespace, such as 'User' or 'Group', and this value is not empty the Authorizer should report an error.
