---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_redhatcop_redhat_io_keepalived_group_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "redhatcop.redhat.io"
description: |-
  KeepalivedGroup is the Schema for the keepalivedgroups API
---

# k8s_redhatcop_redhat_io_keepalived_group_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

KeepalivedGroup is the Schema for the keepalivedgroups API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_redhatcop_redhat_io_keepalived_group_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) KeepalivedGroupSpec defines the desired state of KeepalivedGroup (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `image` (String) //+kubebuilder:validation:Optional
- `interface` (String)

Optional:

- `blacklist_router_i_ds` (List of String) // +kubebuilder:validation:UniqueItems=true
- `daemonset_pod_annotations` (Map of String)
- `daemonset_pod_priority_class_name` (String)
- `interface_from_ip` (String)
- `node_selector` (Map of String)
- `password_auth` (Attributes) PasswordAuth references a Kubernetes secret to extract the password for VRRP authentication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--password_auth))
- `unicast_enabled` (Boolean)
- `verbatim_config` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--password_auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.password_auth`

Required:

- `secret_ref` (Attributes) LocalObjectReference contains enough information to let you locate the referenced object inside the same namespace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--password_auth--secret_ref))

Optional:

- `secret_key` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--password_auth--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.password_auth.secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
