---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_registry_devfile_io_devfile_registry_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "registry.devfile.io"
description: |-
  DevfileRegistry is a custom resource allows you to create and manage your own index server and registry viewer. In order to be added, the Devfile Registry must be reachable, supports the Devfile v2.0 spec and above, and is not using the default namespace.
---

# k8s_registry_devfile_io_devfile_registry_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

DevfileRegistry is a custom resource allows you to create and manage your own index server and registry viewer. In order to be added, the Devfile Registry must be reachable, supports the Devfile v2.0 spec and above, and is not using the default namespace.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_registry_devfile_io_devfile_registry_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) DevfileRegistrySpec defines the desired state of DevfileRegistry (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `devfile_index` (Attributes) Sets the devfile index container spec to be deployed on the Devfile Registry (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--devfile_index))
- `devfile_index_image` (String) Sets the container image containing devfile stacks to be deployed on the Devfile Registry
- `fullname_override` (String) Overrides the fully qualified app name of the devfile registry
- `headless` (Boolean) Sets the registry server deployment to run under headless mode
- `hostname_override` (String) Overrides the entire hostname and domain of the devfile registry ingress
- `k8s` (Attributes) DevfileRegistrySpecK8sOnly defines the desired state of the kubernetes-only fields of the DevfileRegistry (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--k8s))
- `name_override` (String) Overrides the app name of the devfile registry
- `oci_registry` (Attributes) Sets the OCI registry container spec to be deployed on the Devfile Registry (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--oci_registry))
- `oci_registry_image` (String) Overrides the container image used for the OCI registry. Recommended to leave blank and default to the image specified by the operator.
- `registry_viewer` (Attributes) Sets the registry viewer container spec to be deployed on the Devfile Registry (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--registry_viewer))
- `registry_viewer_image` (String) Overrides the container image used for the registry viewer.
- `storage` (Attributes) DevfileRegistrySpecStorage defines the desired state of the storage for the DevfileRegistry (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage))
- `telemetry` (Attributes) Telemetry defines the desired state for telemetry in the DevfileRegistry (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--telemetry))
- `tls` (Attributes) DevfileRegistrySpecTLS defines the desired state for TLS in the DevfileRegistry (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tls))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--devfile_index"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.devfile_index`

Optional:

- `image` (String) Sets the container image
- `image_pull_policy` (String) Sets the image pull policy for the container
- `memory_limit` (String) Sets the memory limit for the container


<a id="nestedatt--spec--k8s"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.k8s`

Optional:

- `ingress_class` (String) Ingress class for a Kubernetes cluster. Defaults to nginx.
- `ingress_domain` (String) Ingress domain for a Kubernetes cluster. This MUST be explicitly specified on Kubernetes. There are no defaults


<a id="nestedatt--spec--oci_registry"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.oci_registry`

Optional:

- `image` (String) Sets the container image
- `image_pull_policy` (String) Sets the image pull policy for the container
- `memory_limit` (String) Sets the memory limit for the container


<a id="nestedatt--spec--registry_viewer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.registry_viewer`

Optional:

- `image` (String) Sets the container image
- `image_pull_policy` (String) Sets the image pull policy for the container
- `memory_limit` (String) Sets the memory limit for the container


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Instructs the operator to deploy the DevfileRegistry with persistent storage Disabled by default.
- `registry_volume_size` (String) Configures the size of the devfile registry's persistent volume, if enabled. Defaults to 1Gi.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--telemetry"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.telemetry`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Specify a telemetry key to allow devfile specific data to be sent to a client's own Segment analytics source. If the write key is specified then telemetry will be enabled
- `registry_name` (String) The registry name (can be any string) that is used as identifier for devfile telemetry.
- `registry_viewer_write_key` (String) Specify a telemetry write key for the registry viewer component to allow data to be sent to a client's own Segment analytics source. If the write key is specified then telemetry for the registry viewer component will be enabled


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tls`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Instructs the operator to deploy the DevfileRegistry with TLS enabled. Enabled by default. Disabling is only recommended for development or test.
- `secret_name` (String) Name of an optional, pre-existing TLS secret to use for TLS termination on ingress/route resources.
