---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_repo_manager_pulpproject_org_pulp_restore_v1beta2_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "repo-manager.pulpproject.org"
description: |-
  PulpRestore is the Schema for the pulprestores API
---

# k8s_repo_manager_pulpproject_org_pulp_restore_v1beta2_manifest (Data Source)

PulpRestore is the Schema for the pulprestores API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_repo_manager_pulpproject_org_pulp_restore_v1beta2_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) PulpRestoreSpec defines the desired state of PulpRestore (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `backup_name` (String) Name of the backup custom resource

Optional:

- `backup_dir` (String) Backup directory name, set as a status found on the backup object (backupDirectory)
- `backup_pvc` (String) Name of the PVC to be restored from, set as a status found on the backup object (backupClaim)
- `deployment_name` (String) Name of the deployment to be restored to
- `deployment_type` (String) Name of the deployment type. Can be one of {galaxy,pulp}.
- `keep_replicas` (Boolean) KeepBackupReplicasCount allows to define if the restore controller should restore the components with thesame number of replicas from backup or restore only a single replica each.
