---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_resources_teleport_dev_teleport_oidc_connector_v3_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "resources.teleport.dev"
description: |-
  OIDCConnector is the Schema for the oidcconnectors API
---

# k8s_resources_teleport_dev_teleport_oidc_connector_v3_manifest (Data Source)

OIDCConnector is the Schema for the oidcconnectors API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_resources_teleport_dev_teleport_oidc_connector_v3_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) OIDCConnector resource definition v3 from Teleport (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `acr_values` (String) ACR is an Authentication Context Class Reference value. The meaning of the ACR value is context-specific and varies for identity providers.
- `allow_unverified_email` (Boolean) AllowUnverifiedEmail tells the connector to accept OIDC users with unverified emails.
- `claims_to_roles` (Attributes List) ClaimsToRoles specifies a dynamic mapping from claims to roles. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--claims_to_roles))
- `client_id` (String) ClientID is the id of the authentication client (Teleport Auth server).
- `client_secret` (String) ClientSecret is used to authenticate the client.
- `display` (String) Display is the friendly name for this provider.
- `google_admin_email` (String) GoogleAdminEmail is the email of a google admin to impersonate.
- `google_service_account` (String) GoogleServiceAccount is a string containing google service account credentials.
- `google_service_account_uri` (String) GoogleServiceAccountURI is a path to a google service account uri.
- `issuer_url` (String) IssuerURL is the endpoint of the provider, e.g. https://accounts.google.com.
- `max_age` (String) MaxAge is the amount of time that user logins are valid for. If a user logs in, but then does not login again within this time period, they will be forced to re-authenticate.
- `prompt` (String) Prompt is an optional OIDC prompt. An empty string omits prompt. If not specified, it defaults to select_account for backwards compatibility.
- `provider` (String) Provider is the external identity provider.
- `redirect_url` (List of String) RedirectURLs is a list of callback URLs which the identity provider can use to redirect the client back to the Teleport Proxy to complete authentication. This list should match the URLs on the provider's side. The URL used for a given auth request will be chosen to match the requesting Proxy's public address. If there is no match, the first url in the list will be used.
- `scope` (List of String) Scope specifies additional scopes set by provider.
- `username_claim` (String) UsernameClaim specifies the name of the claim from the OIDC connector to be used as the user's username.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--claims_to_roles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.claims_to_roles`

Optional:

- `claim` (String) Claim is a claim name.
- `roles` (List of String) Roles is a list of static teleport roles to match.
- `value` (String) Value is a claim value to match.
