---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_resources_teleport_dev_teleport_user_v2_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "resources.teleport.dev"
description: |-
  User is the Schema for the users API
---

# k8s_resources_teleport_dev_teleport_user_v2_manifest (Data Source)

User is the Schema for the users API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_resources_teleport_dev_teleport_user_v2_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) User resource definition v2 from Teleport (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `github_identities` (Attributes List) GithubIdentities list associated Github OAuth2 identities that let user log in using externally verified identity (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--github_identities))
- `oidc_identities` (Attributes List) OIDCIdentities lists associated OpenID Connect identities that let user log in using externally verified identity (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--oidc_identities))
- `roles` (List of String) Roles is a list of roles assigned to user
- `saml_identities` (Attributes List) SAMLIdentities lists associated SAML identities that let user log in using externally verified identity (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--saml_identities))
- `traits` (Map of List of String) Traits are key/value pairs received from an identity provider (through OIDC claims or SAML assertions) or from a system administrator for local accounts. Traits are used to populate role variables.
- `trusted_device_ids` (List of String) TrustedDeviceIDs contains the IDs of trusted devices enrolled by the user. Note that SSO users are transient and thus may contain an empty TrustedDeviceIDs field, even though the user->device association exists under the Device Trust subsystem. Do not rely on this field to determine device associations or ownership, it exists for legacy/informative purposes only. Managed by the Device Trust subsystem, avoid manual edits.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--github_identities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.github_identities`

Optional:

- `connector_id` (String) ConnectorID is id of registered OIDC connector, e.g. 'google-example.com'
- `saml_single_logout_url` (String) SAMLSingleLogoutURL is the SAML Single log-out URL to initiate SAML SLO (single log-out), if applicable.
- `username` (String) Username is username supplied by external identity provider


<a id="nestedatt--spec--oidc_identities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.oidc_identities`

Optional:

- `connector_id` (String) ConnectorID is id of registered OIDC connector, e.g. 'google-example.com'
- `saml_single_logout_url` (String) SAMLSingleLogoutURL is the SAML Single log-out URL to initiate SAML SLO (single log-out), if applicable.
- `username` (String) Username is username supplied by external identity provider


<a id="nestedatt--spec--saml_identities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.saml_identities`

Optional:

- `connector_id` (String) ConnectorID is id of registered OIDC connector, e.g. 'google-example.com'
- `saml_single_logout_url` (String) SAMLSingleLogoutURL is the SAML Single log-out URL to initiate SAML SLO (single log-out), if applicable.
- `username` (String) Username is username supplied by external identity provider
