---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_resources_teleport_dev_teleport_github_connector_v3 Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "resources.teleport.dev"
description: |-
  GithubConnector is the Schema for the githubconnectors API
---

# k8s_resources_teleport_dev_teleport_github_connector_v3 (Data Source)

GithubConnector is the Schema for the githubconnectors API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_resources_teleport_dev_teleport_github_connector_v3" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) The API group of the requested resource.
- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `kind` (String) The type of the requested resource.
- `spec` (Attributes) GithubConnector resource definition v3 from Teleport (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Read-Only:

- `api_endpoint_url` (String) APIEndpointURL is the URL of the API endpoint of the Github instance this connector is for.
- `client_id` (String) ClientID is the Github OAuth app client ID.
- `client_secret` (String) ClientSecret is the Github OAuth app client secret.
- `display` (String) Display is the connector display name.
- `endpoint_url` (String) EndpointURL is the URL of the GitHub instance this connector is for.
- `redirect_url` (String) RedirectURL is the authorization callback URL.
- `teams_to_roles` (Attributes List) TeamsToRoles maps Github team memberships onto allowed roles. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--teams_to_roles))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--teams_to_roles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.teams_to_roles`

Read-Only:

- `organization` (String) Organization is a Github organization a user belongs to.
- `roles` (List of String) Roles is a list of allowed logins for this org/team.
- `team` (String) Team is a team within the organization a user belongs to.
