---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_route53_services_k8s_aws_hosted_zone_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "route53.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  HostedZone is the Schema for the HostedZones API
---

# k8s_route53_services_k8s_aws_hosted_zone_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

HostedZone is the Schema for the HostedZones API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_route53_services_k8s_aws_hosted_zone_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) HostedZoneSpec defines the desired state of HostedZone.A complex type that contains general information about the hosted zone. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the domain. Specify a fully qualified domain name, for example,www.example.com. The trailing dot is optional; Amazon Route 53 assumes thatthe domain name is fully qualified. This means that Route 53 treats www.example.com(without a trailing dot) and www.example.com. (with a trailing dot) as identical.If you're creating a public hosted zone, this is the name you have registeredwith your DNS registrar. If your domain name is registered with a registrarother than Route 53, change the name servers for your domain to the set ofNameServers that CreateHostedZone returns in DelegationSet.

Optional:

- `delegation_set_id` (String) If you want to associate a reusable delegation set with this hosted zone,the ID that Amazon Route 53 assigned to the reusable delegation set whenyou created it. For more information about reusable delegation sets, seeCreateReusableDelegationSet (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/APIReference/API_CreateReusableDelegationSet.html).If you are using a reusable delegation set to create a public hosted zonefor a subdomain, make sure that the parent hosted zone doesn't use one ormore of the same name servers. If you have overlapping nameservers, the operationwill cause a ConflictingDomainsExist error.
- `hosted_zone_config` (Attributes) (Optional) A complex type that contains the following optional values:   * For public and private hosted zones, an optional comment   * For private hosted zones, an optional PrivateZone elementIf you don't specify a comment or the PrivateZone element, omit HostedZoneConfigand the other elements. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--hosted_zone_config))
- `tags` (Attributes List) A complex type that contains a list of the tags that you want to add to thespecified health check or hosted zone and/or the tags that you want to editValue for.You can add a maximum of 10 tags to a health check or a hosted zone. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tags))
- `vpc` (Attributes) (Private hosted zones only) A complex type that contains information aboutthe Amazon VPC that you're associating with this hosted zone.You can specify only one Amazon VPC when you create a private hosted zone.If you are associating a VPC with a hosted zone with this request, the paramatersVPCId and VPCRegion are also required.To associate additional Amazon VPCs with the hosted zone, use AssociateVPCWithHostedZone(https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/APIReference/API_AssociateVPCWithHostedZone.html)after you create a hosted zone. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vpc))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--hosted_zone_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.hosted_zone_config`

Optional:

- `comment` (String)
- `private_zone` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--vpc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vpc`

Optional:

- `vpc_id` (String) (Private hosted zones only) The ID of an Amazon VPC.
- `vpc_region` (String)
