---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_route53resolver_services_k8s_aws_resolver_rule_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "route53resolver.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  ResolverRule is the Schema for the ResolverRules API
---

# k8s_route53resolver_services_k8s_aws_resolver_rule_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

ResolverRule is the Schema for the ResolverRules API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_route53resolver_services_k8s_aws_resolver_rule_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) ResolverRuleSpec defines the desired state of ResolverRule. For queries that originate in your VPC, detailed information about a Resolver rule, which specifies how to route DNS queries out of the VPC. The ResolverRule parameter appears in the response to a CreateResolverRule (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/APIReference/API_route53resolver_CreateResolverRule.html), DeleteResolverRule (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/APIReference/API_route53resolver_DeleteResolverRule.html), GetResolverRule (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/APIReference/API_route53resolver_GetResolverRule.html), ListResolverRules (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/APIReference/API_route53resolver_ListResolverRules.html), or UpdateResolverRule (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/APIReference/API_route53resolver_UpdateResolverRule.html) request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `domain_name` (String) DNS queries for this domain name are forwarded to the IP addresses that you specify in TargetIps. If a query matches multiple Resolver rules (example.com and www.example.com), outbound DNS queries are routed using the Resolver rule that contains the most specific domain name (www.example.com).
- `rule_type` (String) When you want to forward DNS queries for specified domain name to resolvers on your network, specify FORWARD. When you have a forwarding rule to forward DNS queries for a domain to your network and you want Resolver to process queries for a subdomain of that domain, specify SYSTEM. For example, to forward DNS queries for example.com to resolvers on your network, you create a rule and specify FORWARD for RuleType. To then have Resolver process queries for apex.example.com, you create a rule and specify SYSTEM for RuleType. Currently, only Resolver can create rules that have a value of RECURSIVE for RuleType.

Optional:

- `associations` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--associations))
- `name` (String) A friendly name that lets you easily find a rule in the Resolver dashboard in the Route 53 console.
- `resolver_endpoint_id` (String) The ID of the outbound Resolver endpoint that you want to use to route DNS queries to the IP addresses that you specify in TargetIps.
- `tags` (Attributes List) A list of the tag keys and values that you want to associate with the endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tags))
- `target_i_ps` (Attributes List) The IPs that you want Resolver to forward DNS queries to. You can specify only IPv4 addresses. Separate IP addresses with a space. TargetIps is available only when the value of Rule type is FORWARD. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--target_i_ps))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--associations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.associations`

Optional:

- `id` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `resolver_rule_id` (String)
- `status` (String)
- `status_message` (String)
- `vpc_id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--target_i_ps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.target_i_ps`

Optional:

- `ip` (String)
- `ipv6` (String)
- `port` (Number)
