---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_route53_services_k8s_aws_record_set_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "route53.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  RecordSet is the Schema for the RecordSets API
---

# k8s_route53_services_k8s_aws_record_set_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

RecordSet is the Schema for the RecordSets API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_route53_services_k8s_aws_record_set_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) RecordSetSpec defines the desired state of RecordSet. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `record_type` (String) The DNS record type. For information about different record types and howdata is encoded for them, see Supported DNS Resource Record Types (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/ResourceRecordTypes.html)in the Amazon Route 53 Developer Guide.Valid values for basic resource record sets: A | AAAA | CAA | CNAME | DS|MX | NAPTR | NS | PTR | SOA | SPF | SRV | TXTValues for weighted, latency, geolocation, and failover resource record sets:A | AAAA | CAA | CNAME | MX | NAPTR | PTR | SPF | SRV | TXT. When creatinga group of weighted, latency, geolocation, or failover resource record sets,specify the same value for all of the resource record sets in the group.Valid values for multivalue answer resource record sets: A | AAAA | MX |NAPTR | PTR | SPF | SRV | TXTSPF records were formerly used to verify the identity of the sender of emailmessages. However, we no longer recommend that you create resource recordsets for which the value of Type is SPF. RFC 7208, Sender Policy Framework(SPF) for Authorizing Use of Domains in Email, Version 1, has been updatedto say, '...[I]ts existence and mechanism defined in [RFC4408] have led tosome interoperability issues. Accordingly, its use is no longer appropriatefor SPF version 1; implementations are not to use it.' In RFC 7208, see section14.1, The SPF DNS Record Type (http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7208#section-14.1).Values for alias resource record sets:   * Amazon API Gateway custom regional APIs and edge-optimized APIs: A   * CloudFront distributions: A If IPv6 is enabled for the distribution,   create two resource record sets to route traffic to your distribution,   one with a value of A and one with a value of AAAA.   * Amazon API Gateway environment that has a regionalized subdomain: A   * ELB load balancers: A | AAAA   * Amazon S3 buckets: A   * Amazon Virtual Private Cloud interface VPC endpoints A   * Another resource record set in this hosted zone: Specify the type of   the resource record set that you're creating the alias for. All values   are supported except NS and SOA. If you're creating an alias record that   has the same name as the hosted zone (known as the zone apex), you can't   route traffic to a record for which the value of Type is CNAME. This is   because the alias record must have the same type as the record you're   routing traffic to, and creating a CNAME record for the zone apex isn't   supported even for an alias record.

Optional:

- `alias_target` (Attributes) Alias resource record sets only: Information about the Amazon Web Servicesresource, such as a CloudFront distribution or an Amazon S3 bucket, thatyou want to route traffic to.If you're creating resource records sets for a private hosted zone, notethe following:   * You can't create an alias resource record set in a private hosted zone   to route traffic to a CloudFront distribution.   * For information about creating failover resource record sets in a private   hosted zone, see Configuring Failover in a Private Hosted Zone (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/dns-failover-private-hosted-zones.html)   in the Amazon Route 53 Developer Guide. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--alias_target))
- `change_batch` (Attributes) A complex type that contains an optional comment and the Changes element. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--change_batch))
- `cidr_routing_config` (Attributes) The object that is specified in resource record set object when you are linkinga resource record set to a CIDR location.A LocationName with an asterisk “*” can be used to create a default CIDRrecord. CollectionId is still required for default record. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cidr_routing_config))
- `failover` (String) Failover resource record sets only: To configure failover, you add the Failoverelement to two resource record sets. For one resource record set, you specifyPRIMARY as the value for Failover; for the other resource record set, youspecify SECONDARY. In addition, you include the HealthCheckId element andspecify the health check that you want Amazon Route 53 to perform for eachresource record set.Except where noted, the following failover behaviors assume that you haveincluded the HealthCheckId element in both resource record sets:   * When the primary resource record set is healthy, Route 53 responds to   DNS queries with the applicable value from the primary resource record   set regardless of the health of the secondary resource record set.   * When the primary resource record set is unhealthy and the secondary   resource record set is healthy, Route 53 responds to DNS queries with   the applicable value from the secondary resource record set.   * When the secondary resource record set is unhealthy, Route 53 responds   to DNS queries with the applicable value from the primary resource record   set regardless of the health of the primary resource record set.   * If you omit the HealthCheckId element for the secondary resource record   set, and if the primary resource record set is unhealthy, Route 53 always   responds to DNS queries with the applicable value from the secondary resource   record set. This is true regardless of the health of the associated endpoint.You can't create non-failover resource record sets that have the same valuesfor the Name and Type elements as failover resource record sets.For failover alias resource record sets, you must also include the EvaluateTargetHealthelement and set the value to true.For more information about configuring failover for Route 53, see the followingtopics in the Amazon Route 53 Developer Guide:   * Route 53 Health Checks and DNS Failover (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/dns-failover.html)   * Configuring Failover in a Private Hosted Zone (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/dns-failover-private-hosted-zones.html)
- `geo_location` (Attributes) Geolocation resource record sets only: A complex type that lets you controlhow Amazon Route 53 responds to DNS queries based on the geographic originof the query. For example, if you want all queries from Africa to be routedto a web server with an IP address of 192.0.2.111, create a resource recordset with a Type of A and a ContinentCode of AF.Although creating geolocation and geolocation alias resource record setsin a private hosted zone is allowed, it's not supported.If you create separate resource record sets for overlapping geographic regions(for example, one resource record set for a continent and one for a countryon the same continent), priority goes to the smallest geographic region.This allows you to route most queries for a continent to one resource andto route queries for a country on that continent to a different resource.You can't create two geolocation resource record sets that specify the samegeographic location.The value * in the CountryCode element matches all geographic locations thataren't specified in other geolocation resource record sets that have thesame values for the Name and Type elements.Geolocation works by mapping IP addresses to locations. However, some IPaddresses aren't mapped to geographic locations, so even if you create geolocationresource record sets that cover all seven continents, Route 53 will receivesome DNS queries from locations that it can't identify. We recommend thatyou create a resource record set for which the value of CountryCode is *.Two groups of queries are routed to the resource that you specify in thisrecord: queries that come from locations for which you haven't created geolocationresource record sets and queries from IP addresses that aren't mapped toa location. If you don't create a * resource record set, Route 53 returnsa 'no answer' response for queries from those locations.You can't create non-geolocation resource record sets that have the samevalues for the Name and Type elements as geolocation resource record sets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--geo_location))
- `health_check_id` (String) If you want Amazon Route 53 to return this resource record set in responseto a DNS query only when the status of a health check is healthy, includethe HealthCheckId element and specify the ID of the applicable health check.Route 53 determines whether a resource record set is healthy based on oneof the following:   * By periodically sending a request to the endpoint that is specified   in the health check   * By aggregating the status of a specified group of health checks (calculated   health checks)   * By determining the current state of a CloudWatch alarm (CloudWatch metric   health checks)Route 53 doesn't check the health of the endpoint that is specified in theresource record set, for example, the endpoint specified by the IP addressin the Value element. When you add a HealthCheckId element to a resourcerecord set, Route 53 checks the health of the endpoint that you specifiedin the health check.For more information, see the following topics in the Amazon Route 53 DeveloperGuide:   * How Amazon Route 53 Determines Whether an Endpoint Is Healthy (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/dns-failover-determining-health-of-endpoints.html)   * Route 53 Health Checks and DNS Failover (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/dns-failover.html)   * Configuring Failover in a Private Hosted Zone (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/dns-failover-private-hosted-zones.html)When to Specify HealthCheckIdSpecifying a value for HealthCheckId is useful only when Route 53 is choosingbetween two or more resource record sets to respond to a DNS query, and youwant Route 53 to base the choice in part on the status of a health check.Configuring health checks makes sense only in the following configurations:   * Non-alias resource record sets: You're checking the health of a group   of non-alias resource record sets that have the same routing policy, name,   and type (such as multiple weighted records named www.example.com with   a type of A) and you specify health check IDs for all the resource record   sets. If the health check status for a resource record set is healthy,   Route 53 includes the record among the records that it responds to DNS   queries with. If the health check status for a resource record set is   unhealthy, Route 53 stops responding to DNS queries using the value for   that resource record set. If the health check status for all resource   record sets in the group is unhealthy, Route 53 considers all resource   record sets in the group healthy and responds to DNS queries accordingly.   * Alias resource record sets: You specify the following settings: You   set EvaluateTargetHealth to true for an alias resource record set in a   group of resource record sets that have the same routing policy, name,   and type (such as multiple weighted records named www.example.com with   a type of A). You configure the alias resource record set to route traffic   to a non-alias resource record set in the same hosted zone. You specify   a health check ID for the non-alias resource record set. If the health   check status is healthy, Route 53 considers the alias resource record   set to be healthy and includes the alias record among the records that   it responds to DNS queries with. If the health check status is unhealthy,   Route 53 stops responding to DNS queries using the alias resource record   set. The alias resource record set can also route traffic to a group of   non-alias resource record sets that have the same routing policy, name,   and type. In that configuration, associate health checks with all of the   resource record sets in the group of non-alias resource record sets.Geolocation RoutingFor geolocation resource record sets, if an endpoint is unhealthy, Route53 looks for a resource record set for the larger, associated geographicregion. For example, suppose you have resource record sets for a state inthe United States, for the entire United States, for North America, and aresource record set that has * for CountryCode is *, which applies to alllocations. If the endpoint for the state resource record set is unhealthy,Route 53 checks for healthy resource record sets in the following order untilit finds a resource record set for which the endpoint is healthy:   * The United States   * North America   * The default resource record setSpecifying the Health Check Endpoint by Domain NameIf your health checks specify the endpoint only by domain name, we recommendthat you create a separate health check for each endpoint. For example, createa health check for each HTTP server that is serving content for www.example.com.For the value of FullyQualifiedDomainName, specify the domain name of theserver (such as us-east-2-www.example.com), not the name of the resourcerecord sets (www.example.com).Health check results will be unpredictable if you do the following:   * Create a health check that has the same value for FullyQualifiedDomainName   as the name of a resource record set.   * Associate that health check with the resource record set.
- `hosted_zone_id` (String) The ID of the hosted zone that contains the resource record sets that youwant to change.
- `hosted_zone_ref` (Attributes) AWSResourceReferenceWrapper provides a wrapper around *AWSResourceReferencetype to provide more user friendly syntax for references using 'from' fieldEx:APIIDRef:	from:	  name: my-api (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--hosted_zone_ref))
- `multi_value_answer` (Boolean) Multivalue answer resource record sets only: To route traffic approximatelyrandomly to multiple resources, such as web servers, create one multivalueanswer record for each resource and specify true for MultiValueAnswer. Notethe following:   * If you associate a health check with a multivalue answer resource record   set, Amazon Route 53 responds to DNS queries with the corresponding IP   address only when the health check is healthy.   * If you don't associate a health check with a multivalue answer record,   Route 53 always considers the record to be healthy.   * Route 53 responds to DNS queries with up to eight healthy records; if   you have eight or fewer healthy records, Route 53 responds to all DNS   queries with all the healthy records.   * If you have more than eight healthy records, Route 53 responds to different   DNS resolvers with different combinations of healthy records.   * When all records are unhealthy, Route 53 responds to DNS queries with   up to eight unhealthy records.   * If a resource becomes unavailable after a resolver caches a response,   client software typically tries another of the IP addresses in the response.You can't create multivalue answer alias records.
- `name` (String) For ChangeResourceRecordSets requests, the name of the record that you wantto create, update, or delete. For ListResourceRecordSets responses, the nameof a record in the specified hosted zone.ChangeResourceRecordSets OnlyEnter a fully qualified domain name, for example, www.example.com. You canoptionally include a trailing dot. If you omit the trailing dot, Amazon Route53 assumes that the domain name that you specify is fully qualified. Thismeans that Route 53 treats www.example.com (without a trailing dot) and www.example.com.(with a trailing dot) as identical.For information about how to specify characters other than a-z, 0-9, and- (hyphen) and how to specify internationalized domain names, see DNS DomainName Format (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/DomainNameFormat.html)in the Amazon Route 53 Developer Guide.You can use the asterisk (*) wildcard to replace the leftmost label in adomain name, for example, *.example.com. Note the following:   * The * must replace the entire label. For example, you can't specify   *prod.example.com or prod*.example.com.   * The * can't replace any of the middle labels, for example, marketing.*.example.com.   * If you include * in any position other than the leftmost label in a   domain name, DNS treats it as an * character (ASCII 42), not as a wildcard.   You can't use the * wildcard for resource records sets that have a type   of NS.You can use the * wildcard as the leftmost label in a domain name, for example,*.example.com. You can't use an * for one of the middle labels, for example,marketing.*.example.com. In addition, the * must replace the entire label;for example, you can't specify prod*.example.com.
- `region` (String) Latency-based resource record sets only: The Amazon EC2 Region where youcreated the resource that this resource record set refers to. The resourcetypically is an Amazon Web Services resource, such as an EC2 instance oran ELB load balancer, and is referred to by an IP address or a DNS domainname, depending on the record type.When Amazon Route 53 receives a DNS query for a domain name and type forwhich you have created latency resource record sets, Route 53 selects thelatency resource record set that has the lowest latency between the end userand the associated Amazon EC2 Region. Route 53 then returns the value thatis associated with the selected resource record set.Note the following:   * You can only specify one ResourceRecord per latency resource record   set.   * You can only create one latency resource record set for each Amazon   EC2 Region.   * You aren't required to create latency resource record sets for all Amazon   EC2 Regions. Route 53 will choose the region with the best latency from   among the regions that you create latency resource record sets for.   * You can't create non-latency resource record sets that have the same   values for the Name and Type elements as latency resource record sets.
- `resource_records` (Attributes List) Information about the resource records to act upon.If you're creating an alias resource record set, omit ResourceRecords. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resource_records))
- `set_identifier` (String) Resource record sets that have a routing policy other than simple: An identifierthat differentiates among multiple resource record sets that have the samecombination of name and type, such as multiple weighted resource record setsnamed acme.example.com that have a type of A. In a group of resource recordsets that have the same name and type, the value of SetIdentifier must beunique for each resource record set.For information about routing policies, see Choosing a Routing Policy (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/routing-policy.html)in the Amazon Route 53 Developer Guide.
- `ttl` (Number) The resource record cache time to live (TTL), in seconds. Note the following:   * If you're creating or updating an alias resource record set, omit TTL.   Amazon Route 53 uses the value of TTL for the alias target.   * If you're associating this resource record set with a health check (if   you're adding a HealthCheckId element), we recommend that you specify   a TTL of 60 seconds or less so clients respond quickly to changes in health   status.   * All of the resource record sets in a group of weighted resource record   sets must have the same value for TTL.   * If a group of weighted resource record sets includes one or more weighted   alias resource record sets for which the alias target is an ELB load balancer,   we recommend that you specify a TTL of 60 seconds for all of the non-alias   weighted resource record sets that have the same name and type. Values   other than 60 seconds (the TTL for load balancers) will change the effect   of the values that you specify for Weight.
- `weight` (Number) Weighted resource record sets only: Among resource record sets that havethe same combination of DNS name and type, a value that determines the proportionof DNS queries that Amazon Route 53 responds to using the current resourcerecord set. Route 53 calculates the sum of the weights for the resource recordsets that have the same combination of DNS name and type. Route 53 then respondsto queries based on the ratio of a resource's weight to the total. Note thefollowing:   * You must specify a value for the Weight element for every weighted resource   record set.   * You can only specify one ResourceRecord per weighted resource record   set.   * You can't create latency, failover, or geolocation resource record sets   that have the same values for the Name and Type elements as weighted resource   record sets.   * You can create a maximum of 100 weighted resource record sets that have   the same values for the Name and Type elements.   * For weighted (but not weighted alias) resource record sets, if you set   Weight to 0 for a resource record set, Route 53 never responds to queries   with the applicable value for that resource record set. However, if you   set Weight to 0 for all resource record sets that have the same combination   of DNS name and type, traffic is routed to all resources with equal probability.   The effect of setting Weight to 0 is different when you associate health   checks with weighted resource record sets. For more information, see Options   for Configuring Route 53 Active-Active and Active-Passive Failover (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/dns-failover-configuring-options.html)   in the Amazon Route 53 Developer Guide.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--alias_target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.alias_target`

Optional:

- `dns_name` (String)
- `evaluate_target_health` (Boolean)
- `hosted_zone_id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--change_batch"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.change_batch`

Optional:

- `changes` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--change_batch--changes))
- `comment` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--change_batch--changes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.change_batch.changes`

Optional:

- `action` (String)
- `resource_record_set` (Attributes) Information about the resource record set to create or delete. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--change_batch--changes--resource_record_set))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--change_batch--changes--resource_record_set"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.change_batch.changes.resource_record_set`

Optional:

- `alias_target` (Attributes) Alias resource record sets only: Information about the Amazon Web Servicesresource, such as a CloudFront distribution or an Amazon S3 bucket, thatyou want to route traffic to.When creating resource record sets for a private hosted zone, note the following:   * For information about creating failover resource record sets in a private   hosted zone, see Configuring Failover in a Private Hosted Zone (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/dns-failover-private-hosted-zones.html). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--change_batch--changes--resource_record_set--alias_target))
- `cidr_routing_config` (Attributes) The object that is specified in resource record set object when you are linkinga resource record set to a CIDR location.A LocationName with an asterisk “*” can be used to create a default CIDRrecord. CollectionId is still required for default record. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--change_batch--changes--resource_record_set--cidr_routing_config))
- `failover` (String)
- `geo_location` (Attributes) A complex type that contains information about a geographic location. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--change_batch--changes--resource_record_set--geo_location))
- `health_check_id` (String)
- `multi_value_answer` (Boolean)
- `name` (String)
- `region` (String)
- `resource_records` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--change_batch--changes--resource_record_set--resource_records))
- `set_identifier` (String)
- `traffic_policy_instance_id` (String)
- `ttl` (Number)
- `type_` (String)
- `weight` (Number)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--change_batch--changes--resource_record_set--alias_target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.change_batch.changes.resource_record_set.alias_target`

Optional:

- `dns_name` (String)
- `evaluate_target_health` (Boolean)
- `hosted_zone_id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--change_batch--changes--resource_record_set--cidr_routing_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.change_batch.changes.resource_record_set.cidr_routing_config`

Optional:

- `collection_id` (String)
- `location_name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--change_batch--changes--resource_record_set--geo_location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.change_batch.changes.resource_record_set.geo_location`

Optional:

- `continent_code` (String)
- `country_code` (String)
- `subdivision_code` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--change_batch--changes--resource_record_set--resource_records"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.change_batch.changes.resource_record_set.resource_records`

Optional:

- `value` (String)





<a id="nestedatt--spec--cidr_routing_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cidr_routing_config`

Optional:

- `collection_id` (String)
- `location_name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--geo_location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.geo_location`

Optional:

- `continent_code` (String)
- `country_code` (String)
- `subdivision_code` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--hosted_zone_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.hosted_zone_ref`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference anotherk8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--hosted_zone_ref--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--hosted_zone_ref--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.hosted_zone_ref.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--resource_records"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resource_records`

Optional:

- `value` (String)
