---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_rules_kubeedge_io_rule_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "rules.kubeedge.io"
description: |-
  
---

# k8s_rules_kubeedge_io_rule_v1_manifest (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_rules_kubeedge_io_rule_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `source` (String) source is a string value representing where the messages come from. Itsvalue is the same with ruleendpoint name. For example, my-rest or my-eventbus.
- `source_resource` (Map of String) sourceResource is a map representing the resource info of source. For restrule-endpoint type its value is {'path':'/test'}. For eventbus ruleendpoint type itsvalue is {'topic':'<user define string>','node_name':'edge-node'}
- `target` (String) target is a string value representing where the messages go to. its value isthe same with ruleendpoint name. For example, my-eventbus or my-rest or my-servicebus.
- `target_resource` (Map of String) targetResource is a map representing the resource info of target. For restrule-endpoint type its value is {'resource':'http://a.com'}. For eventbus ruleendpointtype its value is {'topic':'/test'}. For servicebus rule-endpoint type its value is{'path':'/request_path'}.
