---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_runtime_cluster_x_k8s_io_extension_config_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "runtime.cluster.x-k8s.io"
description: |-
  ExtensionConfig is the Schema for the ExtensionConfig API.
---

# k8s_runtime_cluster_x_k8s_io_extension_config_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

ExtensionConfig is the Schema for the ExtensionConfig API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_runtime_cluster_x_k8s_io_extension_config_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) ExtensionConfigSpec is the desired state of the ExtensionConfig (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `client_config` (Attributes) ClientConfig defines how to communicate with the Extension server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--client_config))

Optional:

- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) NamespaceSelector decides whether to call the hook for an object based on whether the namespace for that object matches the selector. Defaults to the empty LabelSelector, which matches all objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--namespace_selector))
- `settings` (Map of String) Settings defines key value pairs to be passed to all calls to all supported RuntimeExtensions. Note: Settings can be overridden on the ClusterClass.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--client_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.client_config`

Optional:

- `ca_bundle` (String) CABundle is a PEM encoded CA bundle which will be used to validate the Extension server's server certificate.
- `service` (Attributes) Service is a reference to the Kubernetes service for the Extension server. Note: Exactly one of 'url' or 'service' must be specified. If the Extension server is running within a cluster, then you should use 'service'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--client_config--service))
- `url` (String) URL gives the location of the Extension server, in standard URL form ('scheme://host:port/path'). Note: Exactly one of 'url' or 'service' must be specified. The scheme must be 'https'. The 'host' should not refer to a service running in the cluster; use the 'service' field instead. A path is optional, and if present may be any string permissible in a URL. If a path is set it will be used as prefix to the hook-specific path. Attempting to use a user or basic auth e.g. 'user:password@' is not allowed. Fragments ('#...') and query parameters ('?...') are not allowed either.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--client_config--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.client_config.service`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the service.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of the service.

Optional:

- `path` (String) Path is an optional URL path and if present may be any string permissible in a URL. If a path is set it will be used as prefix to the hook-specific path.
- `port` (Number) Port is the port on the service that's hosting the Extension server. Defaults to 443. Port should be a valid port number (1-65535, inclusive).



<a id="nestedatt--spec--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.
