---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_s3_snappcloud_io_s3_user_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "s3.snappcloud.io"
description: |-
  S3 User is created by the S3 User Claim instance. It's not applicable for the operator user.
---

# k8s_s3_snappcloud_io_s3_user_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

S3 User is created by the S3 User Claim instance. It's not applicable for the operator user.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_s3_snappcloud_io_s3_user_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) S3UserSpec defines the desired state of S3User (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `claim_ref` (Attributes) ObjectReference contains enough information to let you inspect or modify the referred object. --- New uses of this type are discouraged because of difficulty describing its usage when embedded in APIs. 1. Ignored fields.  It includes many fields which are not generally honored.  For instance, ResourceVersion and FieldPath are both very rarely valid in actual usage. 2. Invalid usage help.  It is impossible to add specific help for individual usage.  In most embedded usages, there are particular restrictions like, 'must refer only to types A and B' or 'UID not honored' or 'name must be restricted'. Those cannot be well described when embedded. 3. Inconsistent validation.  Because the usages are different, the validation rules are different by usage, which makes it hard for users to predict what will happen. 4. The fields are both imprecise and overly precise.  Kind is not a precise mapping to a URL. This can produce ambiguity during interpretation and require a REST mapping.  In most cases, the dependency is on the group,resource tuple and the version of the actual struct is irrelevant. 5. We cannot easily change it.  Because this type is embedded in many locations, updates to this type will affect numerous schemas.  Don't make new APIs embed an underspecified API type they do not control.  Instead of using this type, create a locally provided and used type that is well-focused on your reference. For example, ServiceReferences for admission registration: https://github.com/kubernetes/api/blob/release-1.17/admissionregistration/v1/types.go#L533 . (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--claim_ref))
- `quota` (Attributes) UserQuota specifies the quota for a user in Ceph (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--quota))
- `s3_user_class` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--claim_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.claim_ref`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.
- `field_path` (String) If referring to a piece of an object instead of an entire object, this string should contain a valid JSON/Go field access statement, such as desiredState.manifest.containers[2]. For example, if the object reference is to a container within a pod, this would take on a value like: 'spec.containers{name}' (where 'name' refers to the name of the container that triggered the event) or if no container name is specified 'spec.containers[2]' (container with index 2 in this pod). This syntax is chosen only to have some well-defined way of referencing a part of an object. TODO: this design is not final and this field is subject to change in the future.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/
- `resource_version` (String) Specific resourceVersion to which this reference is made, if any. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `uid` (String) UID of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#uids


<a id="nestedatt--spec--quota"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.quota`

Optional:

- `max_buckets` (Number) max number of buckets the user can create
- `max_objects` (String) max number of objects the user can store
- `max_size` (String) max number of bytes the user can store
