---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_sagemaker_services_k8s_aws_processing_job_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "sagemaker.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  ProcessingJob is the Schema for the ProcessingJobs API
---

# k8s_sagemaker_services_k8s_aws_processing_job_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

ProcessingJob is the Schema for the ProcessingJobs API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_sagemaker_services_k8s_aws_processing_job_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) ProcessingJobSpec defines the desired state of ProcessingJob.An Amazon SageMaker processing job that is used to analyze data and evaluatemodels. For more information, see Process Data and Evaluate Models (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/processing-job.html). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `app_specification` (Attributes) Configures the processing job to run a specified Docker container image. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--app_specification))
- `processing_job_name` (String) The name of the processing job. The name must be unique within an AmazonWeb Services Region in the Amazon Web Services account.
- `processing_resources` (Attributes) Identifies the resources, ML compute instances, and ML storage volumes todeploy for a processing job. In distributed training, you specify more thanone instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--processing_resources))
- `role_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of an IAM role that Amazon SageMaker can assumeto perform tasks on your behalf.

Optional:

- `environment` (Map of String) The environment variables to set in the Docker container. Up to 100 key andvalues entries in the map are supported.
- `experiment_config` (Attributes) Associates a SageMaker job as a trial component with an experiment and trial.Specified when you call the following APIs:   * CreateProcessingJob (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/APIReference/API_CreateProcessingJob.html)   * CreateTrainingJob (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/APIReference/API_CreateTrainingJob.html)   * CreateTransformJob (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/APIReference/API_CreateTransformJob.html) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--experiment_config))
- `network_config` (Attributes) Networking options for a processing job, such as whether to allow inboundand outbound network calls to and from processing containers, and the VPCsubnets and security groups to use for VPC-enabled processing jobs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network_config))
- `processing_inputs` (Attributes List) An array of inputs configuring the data to download into the processing container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--processing_inputs))
- `processing_output_config` (Attributes) Output configuration for the processing job. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--processing_output_config))
- `stopping_condition` (Attributes) The time limit for how long the processing job is allowed to run. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--stopping_condition))
- `tags` (Attributes List) (Optional) An array of key-value pairs. For more information, see Using CostAllocation Tags (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/awsaccountbilling/latest/aboutv2/cost-alloc-tags.html#allocation-whatURL)in the Amazon Web Services Billing and Cost Management User Guide. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--app_specification"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.app_specification`

Optional:

- `container_arguments` (List of String)
- `container_entrypoint` (List of String)
- `image_uri` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--processing_resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.processing_resources`

Optional:

- `cluster_config` (Attributes) Configuration for the cluster used to run a processing job. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--processing_resources--cluster_config))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--processing_resources--cluster_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.processing_resources.cluster_config`

Optional:

- `instance_count` (Number)
- `instance_type` (String)
- `volume_kms_key_id` (String)
- `volume_size_in_gb` (Number)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--experiment_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.experiment_config`

Optional:

- `experiment_name` (String)
- `trial_component_display_name` (String)
- `trial_name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--network_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network_config`

Optional:

- `enable_inter_container_traffic_encryption` (Boolean)
- `enable_network_isolation` (Boolean)
- `vpc_config` (Attributes) Specifies an Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) that your SageMaker jobs,hosted models, and compute resources have access to. You can control accessto and from your resources by configuring a VPC. For more information, seeGive SageMaker Access to Resources in your Amazon VPC (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/infrastructure-give-access.html). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network_config--vpc_config))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--network_config--vpc_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network_config.vpc_config`

Optional:

- `security_group_i_ds` (List of String)
- `subnets` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--processing_inputs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.processing_inputs`

Optional:

- `app_managed` (Boolean)
- `dataset_definition` (Attributes) Configuration for Dataset Definition inputs. The Dataset Definition inputmust specify exactly one of either AthenaDatasetDefinition or RedshiftDatasetDefinitiontypes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--processing_inputs--dataset_definition))
- `input_name` (String)
- `s3_input` (Attributes) Configuration for downloading input data from Amazon S3 into the processingcontainer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--processing_inputs--s3_input))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--processing_inputs--dataset_definition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.processing_inputs.dataset_definition`

Optional:

- `athena_dataset_definition` (Attributes) Configuration for Athena Dataset Definition input. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--processing_inputs--dataset_definition--athena_dataset_definition))
- `data_distribution_type` (String)
- `input_mode` (String)
- `local_path` (String)
- `redshift_dataset_definition` (Attributes) Configuration for Redshift Dataset Definition input. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--processing_inputs--dataset_definition--redshift_dataset_definition))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--processing_inputs--dataset_definition--athena_dataset_definition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.processing_inputs.dataset_definition.athena_dataset_definition`

Optional:

- `catalog` (String) The name of the data catalog used in Athena query execution.
- `database` (String) The name of the database used in the Athena query execution.
- `kms_key_id` (String)
- `output_compression` (String) The compression used for Athena query results.
- `output_format` (String) The data storage format for Athena query results.
- `output_s3_uri` (String)
- `query_string` (String) The SQL query statements, to be executed.
- `work_group` (String) The name of the workgroup in which the Athena query is being started.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--processing_inputs--dataset_definition--redshift_dataset_definition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.processing_inputs.dataset_definition.redshift_dataset_definition`

Optional:

- `cluster_id` (String) The Redshift cluster Identifier.
- `cluster_role_arn` (String)
- `database` (String) The name of the Redshift database used in Redshift query execution.
- `db_user` (String) The database user name used in Redshift query execution.
- `kms_key_id` (String)
- `output_compression` (String) The compression used for Redshift query results.
- `output_format` (String) The data storage format for Redshift query results.
- `output_s3_uri` (String)
- `query_string` (String) The SQL query statements to be executed.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--processing_inputs--s3_input"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.processing_inputs.s3_input`

Optional:

- `local_path` (String)
- `s3_compression_type` (String)
- `s3_data_distribution_type` (String)
- `s3_data_type` (String)
- `s3_input_mode` (String)
- `s3_uri` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--processing_output_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.processing_output_config`

Optional:

- `kms_key_id` (String)
- `outputs` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--processing_output_config--outputs))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--processing_output_config--outputs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.processing_output_config.outputs`

Optional:

- `app_managed` (Boolean)
- `feature_store_output` (Attributes) Configuration for processing job outputs in Amazon SageMaker Feature Store. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--processing_output_config--outputs--feature_store_output))
- `output_name` (String)
- `s3_output` (Attributes) Configuration for uploading output data to Amazon S3 from the processingcontainer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--processing_output_config--outputs--s3_output))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--processing_output_config--outputs--feature_store_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.processing_output_config.outputs.feature_store_output`

Optional:

- `feature_group_name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--processing_output_config--outputs--s3_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.processing_output_config.outputs.s3_output`

Optional:

- `local_path` (String)
- `s3_upload_mode` (String)
- `s3_uri` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--spec--stopping_condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.stopping_condition`

Optional:

- `max_runtime_in_seconds` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)
