---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_sagemaker_services_k8s_aws_notebook_instance_lifecycle_config_v1alpha1 Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "sagemaker.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  NotebookInstanceLifecycleConfig is the Schema for the NotebookInstanceLifecycleConfigs API
---

# k8s_sagemaker_services_k8s_aws_notebook_instance_lifecycle_config_v1alpha1 (Data Source)

NotebookInstanceLifecycleConfig is the Schema for the NotebookInstanceLifecycleConfigs API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_sagemaker_services_k8s_aws_notebook_instance_lifecycle_config_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `spec` (Attributes) NotebookInstanceLifecycleConfigSpec defines the desired state of NotebookInstanceLifecycleConfig. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Read-Only:

- `notebook_instance_lifecycle_config_name` (String) The name of the lifecycle configuration.
- `on_create` (Attributes List) A shell script that runs only once, when you create a notebook instance. The shell script must be a base64-encoded string. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--on_create))
- `on_start` (Attributes List) A shell script that runs every time you start a notebook instance, including when you create the notebook instance. The shell script must be a base64-encoded string. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--on_start))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--on_create"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.on_create`

Read-Only:

- `content` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--on_start"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.on_start`

Read-Only:

- `content` (String)
