---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_sagemaker_services_k8s_aws_user_profile_v1alpha1 Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "sagemaker.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  UserProfile is the Schema for the UserProfiles API
---

# k8s_sagemaker_services_k8s_aws_user_profile_v1alpha1 (Data Source)

UserProfile is the Schema for the UserProfiles API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_sagemaker_services_k8s_aws_user_profile_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) The API group of the requested resource.
- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `kind` (String) The type of the requested resource.
- `spec` (Attributes) UserProfileSpec defines the desired state of UserProfile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Read-Only:

- `domain_id` (String) The ID of the associated Domain.
- `single_sign_on_user_identifier` (String) A specifier for the type of value specified in SingleSignOnUserValue. Currently, the only supported value is 'UserName'. If the Domain's AuthMode is IAM Identity Center, this field is required. If the Domain's AuthMode is not IAM Identity Center, this field cannot be specified.
- `single_sign_on_user_value` (String) The username of the associated Amazon Web Services Single Sign-On User for this UserProfile. If the Domain's AuthMode is IAM Identity Center, this field is required, and must match a valid username of a user in your directory. If the Domain's AuthMode is not IAM Identity Center, this field cannot be specified.
- `tags` (Attributes List) Each tag consists of a key and an optional value. Tag keys must be unique per resource.  Tags that you specify for the User Profile are also added to all Apps that the User Profile launches. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tags))
- `user_profile_name` (String) A name for the UserProfile. This value is not case sensitive.
- `user_settings` (Attributes) A collection of settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--user_settings))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--user_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.user_settings`

Read-Only:

- `execution_role` (String)
- `jupyter_server_app_settings` (Attributes) The JupyterServer app settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--user_settings--jupyter_server_app_settings))
- `kernel_gateway_app_settings` (Attributes) The KernelGateway app settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--user_settings--kernel_gateway_app_settings))
- `r_studio_server_pro_app_settings` (Attributes) A collection of settings that configure user interaction with the RStudioServerPro app. RStudioServerProAppSettings cannot be updated. The RStudioServerPro app must be deleted and a new one created to make any changes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--user_settings--r_studio_server_pro_app_settings))
- `security_groups` (List of String)
- `sharing_settings` (Attributes) Specifies options for sharing SageMaker Studio notebooks. These settings are specified as part of DefaultUserSettings when the CreateDomain API is called, and as part of UserSettings when the CreateUserProfile API is called. When SharingSettings is not specified, notebook sharing isn't allowed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--user_settings--sharing_settings))
- `tensor_board_app_settings` (Attributes) The TensorBoard app settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--user_settings--tensor_board_app_settings))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--user_settings--jupyter_server_app_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.user_settings.jupyter_server_app_settings`

Read-Only:

- `default_resource_spec` (Attributes) Specifies the ARN's of a SageMaker image and SageMaker image version, and the instance type that the version runs on. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--user_settings--jupyter_server_app_settings--default_resource_spec))
- `lifecycle_config_ar_ns` (List of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--user_settings--jupyter_server_app_settings--default_resource_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.user_settings.jupyter_server_app_settings.lifecycle_config_ar_ns`

Read-Only:

- `instance_type` (String)
- `lifecycle_config_arn` (String)
- `sage_maker_image_arn` (String)
- `sage_maker_image_version_arn` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--user_settings--kernel_gateway_app_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.user_settings.kernel_gateway_app_settings`

Read-Only:

- `custom_images` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--user_settings--kernel_gateway_app_settings--custom_images))
- `default_resource_spec` (Attributes) Specifies the ARN's of a SageMaker image and SageMaker image version, and the instance type that the version runs on. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--user_settings--kernel_gateway_app_settings--default_resource_spec))
- `lifecycle_config_ar_ns` (List of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--user_settings--kernel_gateway_app_settings--custom_images"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.user_settings.kernel_gateway_app_settings.lifecycle_config_ar_ns`

Read-Only:

- `app_image_config_name` (String)
- `image_name` (String)
- `image_version_number` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--user_settings--kernel_gateway_app_settings--default_resource_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.user_settings.kernel_gateway_app_settings.lifecycle_config_ar_ns`

Read-Only:

- `instance_type` (String)
- `lifecycle_config_arn` (String)
- `sage_maker_image_arn` (String)
- `sage_maker_image_version_arn` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--user_settings--r_studio_server_pro_app_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.user_settings.r_studio_server_pro_app_settings`

Read-Only:

- `access_status` (String)
- `user_group` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--user_settings--sharing_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.user_settings.sharing_settings`

Read-Only:

- `notebook_output_option` (String)
- `s3_kms_key_id` (String)
- `s3_output_path` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--user_settings--tensor_board_app_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.user_settings.tensor_board_app_settings`

Read-Only:

- `default_resource_spec` (Attributes) Specifies the ARN's of a SageMaker image and SageMaker image version, and the instance type that the version runs on. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--user_settings--tensor_board_app_settings--default_resource_spec))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--user_settings--tensor_board_app_settings--default_resource_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.user_settings.tensor_board_app_settings.default_resource_spec`

Read-Only:

- `instance_type` (String)
- `lifecycle_config_arn` (String)
- `sage_maker_image_arn` (String)
- `sage_maker_image_version_arn` (String)
