---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_scylla_scylladb_com_scylla_operator_config_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "scylla.scylladb.com"
description: |-
  ScyllaOperatorConfig describes the Scylla Operator configuration.
---

# k8s_scylla_scylladb_com_scylla_operator_config_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

ScyllaOperatorConfig describes the Scylla Operator configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_scylla_scylladb_com_scylla_operator_config_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) spec defines the desired state of the operator. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `scylla_utils_image` (String) scyllaUtilsImage is a ScyllaDB image used for running ScyllaDB utilities.
- `unsupported_bash_tools_image_override` (String) unsupportedBashToolsImageOverride allows to adjust a generic Bash image with extra tools used by the operator for auxiliary purposes. Setting this field renders your cluster unsupported. Use at your own risk.
- `unsupported_grafana_image_override` (String) unsupportedGrafanaImageOverride allows to adjust Grafana image used by the operator for testing, dev or emergencies. Setting this field renders your cluster unsupported. Use at your own risk.
- `unsupported_prometheus_version_override` (String) unsupportedPrometheusVersionOverride allows to adjust Prometheus version used by the operator for testing, dev or emergencies. Setting this field renders your cluster unsupported. Use at your own risk.
