---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_secrets_hashicorp_com_hcp_auth_v1beta1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "secrets.hashicorp.com"
description: |-
  HCPAuth is the Schema for the hcpauths API
---

# k8s_secrets_hashicorp_com_hcp_auth_v1beta1_manifest (Data Source)

HCPAuth is the Schema for the hcpauths API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_secrets_hashicorp_com_hcp_auth_v1beta1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) HCPAuthSpec defines the desired state of HCPAuth (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `organization_id` (String) OrganizationID of the HCP organization.
- `project_id` (String) ProjectID of the HCP project.

Optional:

- `allowed_namespaces` (List of String) AllowedNamespaces Kubernetes Namespaces which are allow-listed for use with this AuthMethod.This field allows administrators to customize which Kubernetes namespaces are authorized touse with this AuthMethod. While Vault will still enforce its own rules, this has the addedconfigurability of restricting which HCPAuthMethods can be used by which namespaces.Accepted values:[]{'*'} - wildcard, all namespaces.[]{'a', 'b'} - list of namespaces.unset - disallow all namespaces except the Operator's the HCPAuthMethod's namespace, thisis the default behavior.
- `method` (String) Method to use when authenticating to Vault.
- `service_principal` (Attributes) ServicePrincipal provides the necessary configuration for authenticating toHCP using a service principal. For security reasons, only project-levelservice principals should ever be used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--service_principal))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--service_principal"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.service_principal`

Required:

- `secret_ref` (String) SecretRef is the name of a Kubernetes secret in the consumer's(VDS/VSS/PKI/HCP) namespace which provides the HCP ServicePrincipal clientID,and clientSecret.The secret data must have the following structure {  'clientID': 'clientID',  'clientSecret': 'clientSecret',}
