---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_secretsmanager_services_k8s_aws_secret_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "secretsmanager.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  Secret is the Schema for the Secrets API
---

# k8s_secretsmanager_services_k8s_aws_secret_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

Secret is the Schema for the Secrets API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_secretsmanager_services_k8s_aws_secret_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) SecretSpec defines the desired state of Secret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the new secret.The secret name can contain ASCII letters, numbers, and the following characters:/_+=.@-Do not end your secret name with a hyphen followed by six characters. Ifyou do so, you risk confusion and unexpected results when searching for asecret by partial ARN. Secrets Manager automatically adds a hyphen and sixrandom characters after the secret name at the end of the ARN.

Optional:

- `description` (String) The description of the secret.
- `force_overwrite_replica_secret` (Boolean) Specifies whether to overwrite a secret with the same name in the destinationRegion. By default, secrets aren't overwritten.
- `kms_key_id` (String) The ARN, key ID, or alias of the KMS key that Secrets Manager uses to encryptthe secret value in the secret. An alias is always prefixed by alias/, forexample alias/aws/secretsmanager. For more information, see About aliases(https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/alias-about.html).To use a KMS key in a different account, use the key ARN or the alias ARN.If you don't specify this value, then Secrets Manager uses the key aws/secretsmanager.If that key doesn't yet exist, then Secrets Manager creates it for you automaticallythe first time it encrypts the secret value.If the secret is in a different Amazon Web Services account from the credentialscalling the API, then you can't use aws/secretsmanager to encrypt the secret,and you must create and use a customer managed KMS key.
- `replica_regions` (Attributes List) A list of Regions and KMS keys to replicate secrets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--replica_regions))
- `secret_string` (Attributes) The text data to encrypt and store in this new version of the secret. Werecommend you use a JSON structure of key/value pairs for your secret value.Either SecretString or SecretBinary must have a value, but not both.If you create a secret by using the Secrets Manager console then SecretsManager puts the protected secret text in only the SecretString parameter.The Secrets Manager console stores the information as a JSON structure ofkey/value pairs that a Lambda rotation function can parse. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--secret_string))
- `tags` (Attributes List) A list of tags to attach to the secret. Each tag is a key and value pairof strings in a JSON text string, for example:[{'Key':'CostCenter','Value':'12345'},{'Key':'environment','Value':'production'}]Secrets Manager tag key names are case sensitive. A tag with the key 'ABC'is a different tag from one with key 'abc'.If you check tags in permissions policies as part of your security strategy,then adding or removing a tag can change permissions. If the completion ofthis operation would result in you losing your permissions for this secret,then Secrets Manager blocks the operation and returns an Access Denied error.For more information, see Control access to secrets using tags (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/secretsmanager/latest/userguide/auth-and-access_examples.html#tag-secrets-abac)and Limit access to identities with tags that match secrets' tags (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/secretsmanager/latest/userguide/auth-and-access_examples.html#auth-and-access_tags2).For information about how to format a JSON parameter for the various commandline tool environments, see Using JSON for Parameters (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-using-param.html#cli-using-param-json).If your command-line tool or SDK requires quotation marks around the parameter,you should use single quotes to avoid confusion with the double quotes requiredin the JSON text.For tag quotas and naming restrictions, see Service quotas for Tagging (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/arg.html#taged-reference-quotas)in the Amazon Web Services General Reference guide. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--replica_regions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.replica_regions`

Optional:

- `kms_key_id` (String)
- `region` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--secret_string"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.secret_string`

Required:

- `key` (String) Key is the key within the secret

Optional:

- `name` (String) name is unique within a namespace to reference a secret resource.
- `namespace` (String) namespace defines the space within which the secret name must be unique.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)
