---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_secrets_stackable_tech_secret_class_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "secrets.stackable.tech"
description: |-
  Auto-generated derived type for SecretClassSpec via 'CustomResource'
---

# k8s_secrets_stackable_tech_secret_class_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

Auto-generated derived type for SecretClassSpec via 'CustomResource'

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_secrets_stackable_tech_secret_class_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) A [SecretClass](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/secret-operator/secretclass) is a cluster-global Kubernetes resource that defines a category of secrets that the Secret Operator knows how to provision. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `backend` (Attributes) Each SecretClass is associated with a single [backend](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/secret-operator/secretclass#backend), which dictates the mechanism for issuing that kind of Secret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--backend))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--backend"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.backend`

Optional:

- `auto_tls` (Attributes) The ['autoTls' backend](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/secret-operator/secretclass#backend-autotls) issues a TLS certificate signed by the Secret Operator. The certificate authority can be provided by the administrator, or managed automatically by the Secret Operator. A new certificate and keypair will be generated and signed for each Pod, keys or certificates are never reused. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--backend--auto_tls))
- `experimental_cert_manager` (Attributes) The ['experimentalCertManager' backend][1] injects a TLS certificate issued by [cert-manager](https://cert-manager.io/). A new certificate will be requested the first time it is used by a Pod, it will be reused after that (subject to cert-manager renewal rules). [1]: https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/secret-operator/secretclass#backend-certmanager (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--backend--experimental_cert_manager))
- `k8s_search` (Attributes) The ['k8sSearch' backend](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/secret-operator/secretclass#backend-k8ssearch) can be used to mount Secrets across namespaces into Pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--backend--k8s_search))
- `kerberos_keytab` (Attributes) The ['kerberosKeytab' backend](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/secret-operator/secretclass#backend-kerberoskeytab) creates a Kerberos keytab file for a selected realm. The Kerberos KDC and administrator credentials must be provided by the administrator. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--backend--kerberos_keytab))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--backend--auto_tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.backend.auto_tls`

Required:

- `ca` (Attributes) Configures the certificate authority used to issue Pod certificates. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--backend--auto_tls--ca))

Optional:

- `max_certificate_lifetime` (String) Maximum lifetime the created certificates are allowed to have. In case consumers request a longer lifetime than allowed by this setting, the lifetime will be the minimum of both, so this setting takes precedence. The default value is 15 days.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--backend--auto_tls--ca"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.backend.auto_tls.ca`

Required:

- `secret` (Attributes) Reference (name and namespace) to a Kubernetes Secret object where the CA certificate and key is stored in the keys 'ca.crt' and 'ca.key' respectively. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--backend--auto_tls--ca--secret))

Optional:

- `auto_generate` (Boolean) Whether the certificate authority should be managed by Secret Operator, including being generated if it does not already exist.
- `ca_certificate_lifetime` (String) The lifetime of each generated certificate authority. Should always be more than double 'maxCertificateLifetime'. If 'autoGenerate: true' then the Secret Operator will prepare a new CA certificate the old CA approaches expiration. If 'autoGenerate: false' then the Secret Operator will log a warning instead.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--backend--auto_tls--ca--secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.backend.auto_tls.ca.secret`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the Secret being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the Secret being referred to.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--backend--experimental_cert_manager"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.backend.experimental_cert_manager`

Required:

- `issuer` (Attributes) A reference to the cert-manager issuer that the certificates should be requested from. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--backend--experimental_cert_manager--issuer))

Optional:

- `default_certificate_lifetime` (String) The default lifetime of certificates. Defaults to 1 day. This may need to be increased for external issuers that impose rate limits (such as Let's Encrypt).

<a id="nestedatt--spec--backend--experimental_cert_manager--issuer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.backend.experimental_cert_manager.issuer`

Required:

- `kind` (String) The kind of the issuer, Issuer or ClusterIssuer. If Issuer then it must be in the same namespace as the Pods using it.
- `name` (String) The name of the issuer.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--backend--k8s_search"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.backend.k8s_search`

Required:

- `search_namespace` (Attributes) Configures the namespace searched for Secret objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--backend--k8s_search--search_namespace))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--backend--k8s_search--search_namespace"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.backend.k8s_search.search_namespace`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The Secret objects are located in a single global namespace. Should be used for secrets that are provisioned by the cluster administrator.
- `pod` (Map of String) The Secret objects are located in the same namespace as the Pod object. Should be used for Secrets that are provisioned by the application administrator.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--backend--kerberos_keytab"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.backend.kerberos_keytab`

Required:

- `admin` (Attributes) Kerberos admin configuration settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--backend--kerberos_keytab--admin))
- `admin_keytab_secret` (Attributes) Reference ('name' and 'namespace') to a K8s Secret object where a keytab with administrative privileges is stored in the key 'keytab'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--backend--kerberos_keytab--admin_keytab_secret))
- `admin_principal` (String) The admin principal.
- `kdc` (String) The hostname of the Kerberos Key Distribution Center (KDC). This should be provided by the Kerberos administrator.
- `realm_name` (String) The name of the Kerberos realm. This should be provided by the Kerberos administrator.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--backend--kerberos_keytab--admin"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.backend.kerberos_keytab.admin`

Optional:

- `active_directory` (Attributes) Credentials should be provisioned in a Microsoft Active Directory domain. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--backend--kerberos_keytab--admin--active_directory))
- `mit` (Attributes) Credentials should be provisioned in a MIT Kerberos Admin Server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--backend--kerberos_keytab--admin--mit))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--backend--kerberos_keytab--admin--active_directory"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.backend.kerberos_keytab.admin.active_directory`

Required:

- `ldap_server` (String) An AD LDAP server, such as the AD Domain Controller. This must match the server’s FQDN, or GSSAPI authentication will fail.
- `ldap_tls_ca_secret` (Attributes) Reference (name and namespace) to a Kubernetes Secret object containing the TLS CA (in 'ca.crt') that the LDAP server’s certificate should be authenticated against. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--backend--kerberos_keytab--admin--active_directory--ldap_tls_ca_secret))
- `password_cache_secret` (Attributes) Reference (name and namespace) to a Kubernetes Secret object where workload passwords will be stored. This must not be accessible to end users. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--backend--kerberos_keytab--admin--active_directory--password_cache_secret))
- `schema_distinguished_name` (String) The root Distinguished Name (DN) for AD-managed schemas, typically 'CN=Schema,CN=Configuration,{domain_dn}'.
- `user_distinguished_name` (String) The root Distinguished Name (DN) where service accounts should be provisioned, typically 'CN=Users,{domain_dn}'.

Optional:

- `experimental_generate_sam_account_name` (Attributes) Allows samAccountName generation for new accounts to be customized. Note that setting this field (even if empty) makes the Secret Operator take over the generation duty from the domain controller. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--backend--kerberos_keytab--admin--active_directory--experimental_generate_sam_account_name))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--backend--kerberos_keytab--admin--active_directory--ldap_tls_ca_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.backend.kerberos_keytab.admin.active_directory.ldap_tls_ca_secret`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the Secret being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the Secret being referred to.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--backend--kerberos_keytab--admin--active_directory--password_cache_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.backend.kerberos_keytab.admin.active_directory.password_cache_secret`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the Secret being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the Secret being referred to.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--backend--kerberos_keytab--admin--active_directory--experimental_generate_sam_account_name"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.backend.kerberos_keytab.admin.active_directory.experimental_generate_sam_account_name`

Optional:

- `prefix` (String) A prefix to be prepended to generated samAccountNames.
- `total_length` (Number) The total length of generated samAccountNames, _including_ 'prefix'. Must be larger than the length of 'prefix', but at most '20'. Note that this should be as large as possible, to minimize the risk of collisions.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--backend--kerberos_keytab--admin--mit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.backend.kerberos_keytab.admin.mit`

Required:

- `kadmin_server` (String) The hostname of the Kerberos Admin Server. This should be provided by the Kerberos administrator.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--backend--kerberos_keytab--admin_keytab_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.backend.kerberos_keytab.admin_keytab_secret`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the Secret being referred to.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the Secret being referred to.
