---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_secrets_hashicorp_com_vault_auth_v1beta1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "secrets.hashicorp.com"
description: |-
  VaultAuth is the Schema for the vaultauths API
---

# k8s_secrets_hashicorp_com_vault_auth_v1beta1_manifest (Data Source)

VaultAuth is the Schema for the vaultauths API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_secrets_hashicorp_com_vault_auth_v1beta1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) VaultAuthSpec defines the desired state of VaultAuth (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `allowed_namespaces` (List of String) AllowedNamespaces Kubernetes Namespaces which are allow-listed for use with this AuthMethod.This field allows administrators to customize which Kubernetes namespaces are authorized touse with this AuthMethod. While Vault will still enforce its own rules, this has the addedconfigurability of restricting which VaultAuthMethods can be used by which namespaces.Accepted values:[]{'*'} - wildcard, all namespaces.[]{'a', 'b'} - list of namespaces.unset - disallow all namespaces except the Operator's the VaultAuthMethod's namespace, thisis the default behavior.
- `app_role` (Attributes) AppRole specific auth configuration, requires that the Method be set to 'appRole'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--app_role))
- `aws` (Attributes) AWS specific auth configuration, requires that Method be set to 'aws'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--aws))
- `gcp` (Attributes) GCP specific auth configuration, requires that Method be set to 'gcp'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--gcp))
- `headers` (Map of String) Headers to be included in all Vault requests.
- `jwt` (Attributes) JWT specific auth configuration, requires that the Method be set to 'jwt'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--jwt))
- `kubernetes` (Attributes) Kubernetes specific auth configuration, requires that the Method be set to 'kubernetes'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--kubernetes))
- `method` (String) Method to use when authenticating to Vault.
- `mount` (String) Mount to use when authenticating to auth method.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace to auth to in Vault
- `params` (Map of String) Params to use when authenticating to Vault
- `storage_encryption` (Attributes) StorageEncryption provides the necessary configuration to encrypt the client storage cache.This should only be configured when client cache persistence with encryption is enabled.This is done by passing setting the manager's commandline argument--client-cache-persistence-model=direct-encrypted. Typically, there should only everbe one VaultAuth configured with StorageEncryption in the Cluster, and it should havethe label: cacheStorageEncryption=true (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage_encryption))
- `vault_auth_global_ref` (Attributes) VaultAuthGlobalRef. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vault_auth_global_ref))
- `vault_connection_ref` (String) VaultConnectionRef to the VaultConnection resource, can be prefixed with a namespace,eg: 'namespaceA/vaultConnectionRefB'. If no namespace prefix is provided it will default tonamespace of the VaultConnection CR. If no value is specified for VaultConnectionRef theOperator will default to the 'default' VaultConnection, configured in the operator's namespace.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--app_role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.app_role`

Optional:

- `role_id` (String) RoleID of the AppRole Role to use for authenticating to Vault.
- `secret_ref` (String) SecretRef is the name of a Kubernetes secret in the consumer's (VDS/VSS/PKI) namespace whichprovides the AppRole Role's SecretID. The secret must have a key named 'id' which holds theAppRole Role's secretID.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--aws"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.aws`

Optional:

- `header_value` (String) The Vault header value to include in the STS signing request
- `iam_endpoint` (String) The IAM endpoint to use; if not set will use the default
- `irsa_service_account` (String) IRSAServiceAccount name to use with IAM Roles for Service Accounts(IRSA), and should be annotated with 'eks.amazonaws.com/role-arn'. ThisServiceAccount will be checked for other EKS annotations:eks.amazonaws.com/audience and eks.amazonaws.com/token-expiration
- `region` (String) AWS Region to use for signing the authentication request
- `role` (String) Vault role to use for authenticating
- `secret_ref` (String) SecretRef is the name of a Kubernetes Secret in the consumer's (VDS/VSS/PKI) namespacewhich holds credentials for AWS. Expected keys include 'access_key_id', 'secret_access_key','session_token'
- `session_name` (String) The role session name to use when creating a webidentity provider
- `sts_endpoint` (String) The STS endpoint to use; if not set will use the default


<a id="nestedatt--spec--gcp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.gcp`

Optional:

- `cluster_name` (String) GKE cluster name. Defaults to the cluster-name returned from the operatorpod's local metadata server.
- `project_id` (String) GCP project ID. Defaults to the project-id returned from the operatorpod's local metadata server.
- `region` (String) GCP Region of the GKE cluster's identity provider. Defaults to the regionreturned from the operator pod's local metadata server.
- `role` (String) Vault role to use for authenticating
- `workload_identity_service_account` (String) WorkloadIdentityServiceAccount is the name of a Kubernetes serviceaccount (in the same Kubernetes namespace as the Vault*Secret referencingthis resource) which has been configured for workload identity in GKE.Should be annotated with 'iam.gke.io/gcp-service-account'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--jwt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.jwt`

Optional:

- `audiences` (List of String) TokenAudiences to include in the ServiceAccount token.
- `role` (String) Role to use for authenticating to Vault.
- `secret_ref` (String) SecretRef is the name of a Kubernetes secret in the consumer's (VDS/VSS/PKI) namespace whichprovides the JWT token to authenticate to Vault's JWT authentication backend. The secret musthave a key named 'jwt' which holds the JWT token.
- `service_account` (String) ServiceAccount to use when creating a ServiceAccount token to authenticate to Vault'sJWT authentication backend.
- `token_expiration_seconds` (Number) TokenExpirationSeconds to set the ServiceAccount token.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--kubernetes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.kubernetes`

Optional:

- `audiences` (List of String) TokenAudiences to include in the ServiceAccount token.
- `role` (String) Role to use for authenticating to Vault.
- `service_account` (String) ServiceAccount to use when authenticating to Vault'sauthentication backend. This must reside in the consuming secret's (VDS/VSS/PKI) namespace.
- `token_expiration_seconds` (Number) TokenExpirationSeconds to set the ServiceAccount token.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage_encryption"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage_encryption`

Required:

- `key_name` (String) KeyName to use for encrypt/decrypt operations via Vault Transit.
- `mount` (String) Mount path of the Transit engine in Vault.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--vault_auth_global_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vault_auth_global_ref`

Optional:

- `allow_default` (Boolean) AllowDefault when set to true will use the default VaultAuthGlobal resourceas the default if Name is not set. The 'allow-default-globals' option must beset on the operator's '-global-vault-auth-options' flagThe default VaultAuthGlobal search is conditional.When a ref Namespace is set, the search for the defaultVaultAuthGlobal resource is constrained to that namespace.Otherwise, the search order is:1. The default VaultAuthGlobal resource in the referring VaultAuth resource'snamespace.2. The default VaultAuthGlobal resource in the Operator's namespace.
- `merge_strategy` (Attributes) MergeStrategy configures the merge strategy for HTTP headers and parametersthat are included in all Vault authentication requests. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vault_auth_global_ref--merge_strategy))
- `name` (String) Name of the VaultAuthGlobal resource.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the VaultAuthGlobal resource. If not provided, the namespace ofthe referring VaultAuth resource is used.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--vault_auth_global_ref--merge_strategy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vault_auth_global_ref.merge_strategy`

Optional:

- `headers` (String) Headers configures the merge strategy for HTTP headers that are included inall Vault requests. Choices are 'union', 'replace', or 'none'.If 'union' is set, the headers from the VaultAuthGlobal and VaultAuthresources are merged. The headers from the VaultAuth always take precedence.If 'replace' is set, the first set of non-empty headers taken in order from:VaultAuth, VaultAuthGlobal auth method, VaultGlobal default headers.If 'none' is set, the headers from theVaultAuthGlobal resource are ignored and only the headers from the VaultAuthresource are used. The default is 'none'.
- `params` (String) Params configures the merge strategy for HTTP parameters that are included inall Vault requests. Choices are 'union', 'replace', or 'none'.If 'union' is set, the parameters from the VaultAuthGlobal and VaultAuthresources are merged. The parameters from the VaultAuth always takeprecedence.If 'replace' is set, the first set of non-empty parameters taken in order from:VaultAuth, VaultAuthGlobal auth method, VaultGlobal default parameters.If 'none' is set, the parameters from the VaultAuthGlobal resource are ignoredand only the parameters from the VaultAuth resource are used. The default is'none'.
