---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_secrets_hashicorp_com_vault_static_secret_v1beta1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "secrets.hashicorp.com"
description: |-
  VaultStaticSecret is the Schema for the vaultstaticsecrets API
---

# k8s_secrets_hashicorp_com_vault_static_secret_v1beta1_manifest (Data Source)

VaultStaticSecret is the Schema for the vaultstaticsecrets API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_secrets_hashicorp_com_vault_static_secret_v1beta1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) VaultStaticSecretSpec defines the desired state of VaultStaticSecret (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `destination` (Attributes) Destination provides configuration necessary for syncing the Vault secret to Kubernetes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--destination))
- `mount` (String) Mount for the secret in Vault
- `path` (String) Path of the secret in Vault, corresponds to the 'path' parameter for,kv-v1: https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/api-docs/secret/kv/kv-v1#read-secretkv-v2: https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/api-docs/secret/kv/kv-v2#read-secret-version
- `type` (String) Type of the Vault static secret

Optional:

- `hmac_secret_data` (Boolean) HMACSecretData determines whether the Operator computes theHMAC of the Secret's data. The MAC value will be stored inthe resource's Status.SecretMac field, and will be used for drift detectionand during incoming Vault secret comparison.Enabling this feature is recommended to ensure that Secret's data stays consistent with Vault.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace to get the secret from in Vault
- `refresh_after` (String) RefreshAfter a period of time, in duration notation e.g. 30s, 1m, 24h
- `rollout_restart_targets` (Attributes List) RolloutRestartTargets should be configured whenever the application(s) consuming the Vault secret doesnot support dynamically reloading a rotated secret.In that case one, or more RolloutRestartTarget(s) can be configured here. The Operator willtrigger a 'rollout-restart' for each target whenever the Vault secret changes between reconciliation events.All configured targets wil be ignored if HMACSecretData is set to false.See RolloutRestartTarget for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rollout_restart_targets))
- `vault_auth_ref` (String) VaultAuthRef to the VaultAuth resource, can be prefixed with a namespace,eg: 'namespaceA/vaultAuthRefB'. If no namespace prefix is provided it will default tonamespace of the VaultAuth CR. If no value is specified for VaultAuthRef the Operator willdefault to the 'default' VaultAuth, configured in the operator's namespace.
- `version` (Number) Version of the secret to fetch. Only valid for type kv-v2. Corresponds to version query parameter:https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/api-docs/secret/kv/kv-v2#version

<a id="nestedatt--spec--destination"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.destination`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the Secret

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations to apply to the Secret. Requires Create to be set to true.
- `create` (Boolean) Create the destination Secret.If the Secret already exists this should be set to false.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to apply to the Secret. Requires Create to be set to true.
- `overwrite` (Boolean) Overwrite the destination Secret if it exists and Create is true. This isuseful when migrating to VSO from a previous secret deployment strategy.
- `transformation` (Attributes) Transformation provides configuration for transforming the secret data beforeit is stored in the Destination. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--destination--transformation))
- `type` (String) Type of Kubernetes Secret. Requires Create to be set to true.Defaults to Opaque.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--destination--transformation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.destination.transformation`

Optional:

- `exclude_raw` (Boolean) ExcludeRaw data from the destination Secret. Exclusion policy can be setglobally by including 'exclude-raw' in the '--global-transformation-options'command line flag. If set, the command line flag always takes precedence overthis configuration.
- `excludes` (List of String) Excludes contains regex patterns used to filter top-level source secret datafields for exclusion from the final K8s Secret data. These pattern filters arenever applied to templated fields as defined in Templates. They are alwaysapplied before any inclusion patterns. To exclude all source secret datafields, you can configure the single pattern '.*'.
- `includes` (List of String) Includes contains regex patterns used to filter top-level source secret datafields for inclusion in the final K8s Secret data. These pattern filters arenever applied to templated fields as defined in Templates. They are alwaysapplied last.
- `templates` (Attributes) Templates maps a template name to its Template. Templates are always includedin the rendered K8s Secret, and take precedence over templates defined in aSecretTransformation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--destination--transformation--templates))
- `transformation_refs` (Attributes List) TransformationRefs contain references to template configuration fromSecretTransformation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--destination--transformation--transformation_refs))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--destination--transformation--templates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.destination.transformation.templates`

Required:

- `text` (String) Text contains the Go text template format. The templatereferences attributes from the data structure of the source secret.Refer to https://pkg.go.dev/text/template for more information.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the Template


<a id="nestedatt--spec--destination--transformation--transformation_refs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.destination.transformation.transformation_refs`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the SecretTransformation resource.

Optional:

- `ignore_excludes` (Boolean) IgnoreExcludes controls whether to use the SecretTransformation's Excludesdata key filters.
- `ignore_includes` (Boolean) IgnoreIncludes controls whether to use the SecretTransformation's Includesdata key filters.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the SecretTransformation resource.
- `template_refs` (Attributes List) TemplateRefs map to a Template found in this TransformationRef. If empty, thenall templates from the SecretTransformation will be rendered to the K8s Secret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--destination--transformation--transformation_refs--template_refs))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--destination--transformation--transformation_refs--template_refs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.destination.transformation.transformation_refs.template_refs`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the Template in SecretTransformationSpec.Templates.the rendered secret data.

Optional:

- `key_override` (String) KeyOverride to the rendered template in the Destination secret. If Key isempty, then the Key from reference spec will be used. Set this to override theKey set from the reference spec.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--rollout_restart_targets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rollout_restart_targets`

Required:

- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)
