---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_secrets_doppler_com_doppler_secret_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "secrets.doppler.com"
description: |-
  DopplerSecret is the Schema for the dopplersecrets API
---

# k8s_secrets_doppler_com_doppler_secret_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

DopplerSecret is the Schema for the dopplersecrets API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_secrets_doppler_com_doppler_secret_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) DopplerSecretSpec defines the desired state of DopplerSecret (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `config` (String) The Doppler config
- `format` (String) Format enables the downloading of secrets as a file
- `host` (String) The Doppler API host
- `managed_secret` (Attributes) The Kubernetes secret where the operator will store and sync the fetched secrets (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--managed_secret))
- `name_transformer` (String) The environment variable compatible secrets name transformer to apply
- `processors` (Attributes) A list of processors to transform the data during ingestion (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--processors))
- `project` (String) The Doppler project
- `resync_seconds` (Number) The number of seconds to wait between resyncs
- `secrets` (List of String) A list of secrets to sync from the config
- `token_secret` (Attributes) The Kubernetes secret containing the Doppler service token (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--token_secret))
- `verify_tls` (Boolean) Whether or not to verify TLS

<a id="nestedatt--spec--managed_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.managed_secret`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource

Optional:

- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if not cluster scoped
- `type` (String) The secret type of the managed secret


<a id="nestedatt--spec--processors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.processors`

Optional:

- `as_name` (String) The mapped name of the field in the managed secret, defaults to the original Doppler secret name for Opaque Kubernetes secrets. If omitted for other types, the value is not copied to the managed secret.
- `type` (String) The type of process to be performed, either 'plain' or 'base64'


<a id="nestedatt--spec--token_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.token_secret`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the Secret resource

Optional:

- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the resource being referred to. Ignored if not cluster scoped
