---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_security_openshift_io_security_context_constraints_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "security.openshift.io"
description: |-
  SecurityContextConstraints governs the ability to make requests that affect the SecurityContext that will be applied to a container. For historical reasons SCC was exposed under the core Kubernetes API group. That exposure is deprecated and will be removed in a future release - users should instead use the security.openshift.io group to manage SecurityContextConstraints.  Compatibility level 1: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 12 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).
---

# k8s_security_openshift_io_security_context_constraints_v1_manifest (Data Source)

SecurityContextConstraints governs the ability to make requests that affect the SecurityContext that will be applied to a container. For historical reasons SCC was exposed under the core Kubernetes API group. That exposure is deprecated and will be removed in a future release - users should instead use the security.openshift.io group to manage SecurityContextConstraints.  Compatibility level 1: Stable within a major release for a minimum of 12 months or 3 minor releases (whichever is longer).

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_security_openshift_io_security_context_constraints_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `allow_host_dir_volume_plugin` (Boolean) AllowHostDirVolumePlugin determines if the policy allow containers to use the HostDir volume plugin
- `allow_host_ipc` (Boolean) AllowHostIPC determines if the policy allows host ipc in the containers.
- `allow_host_network` (Boolean) AllowHostNetwork determines if the policy allows the use of HostNetwork in the pod spec.
- `allow_host_pid` (Boolean) AllowHostPID determines if the policy allows host pid in the containers.
- `allow_host_ports` (Boolean) AllowHostPorts determines if the policy allows host ports in the containers.
- `allow_privileged_container` (Boolean) AllowPrivilegedContainer determines if a container can request to be run as privileged.
- `allowed_capabilities` (List of String) AllowedCapabilities is a list of capabilities that can be requested to add to the container. Capabilities in this field maybe added at the pod author's discretion. You must not list a capability in both AllowedCapabilities and RequiredDropCapabilities. To allow all capabilities you may use '*'.
- `default_add_capabilities` (List of String) DefaultAddCapabilities is the default set of capabilities that will be added to the container unless the pod spec specifically drops the capability.  You may not list a capabiility in both DefaultAddCapabilities and RequiredDropCapabilities.
- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `priority` (Number) Priority influences the sort order of SCCs when evaluating which SCCs to try first for a given pod request based on access in the Users and Groups fields.  The higher the int, the higher priority. An unset value is considered a 0 priority. If scores for multiple SCCs are equal they will be sorted from most restrictive to least restrictive. If both priorities and restrictions are equal the SCCs will be sorted by name.
- `read_only_root_filesystem` (Boolean) ReadOnlyRootFilesystem when set to true will force containers to run with a read only root file system.  If the container specifically requests to run with a non-read only root file system the SCC should deny the pod. If set to false the container may run with a read only root file system if it wishes but it will not be forced to.
- `required_drop_capabilities` (List of String) RequiredDropCapabilities are the capabilities that will be dropped from the container.  These are required to be dropped and cannot be added.
- `volumes` (List of String) Volumes is a white list of allowed volume plugins.  FSType corresponds directly with the field names of a VolumeSource (azureFile, configMap, emptyDir).  To allow all volumes you may use '*'. To allow no volumes, set to ['none'].

### Optional

- `allow_privilege_escalation` (Boolean) AllowPrivilegeEscalation determines if a pod can request to allow privilege escalation. If unspecified, defaults to true.
- `allowed_flex_volumes` (Attributes List) AllowedFlexVolumes is a whitelist of allowed Flexvolumes.  Empty or nil indicates that all Flexvolumes may be used.  This parameter is effective only when the usage of the Flexvolumes is allowed in the 'Volumes' field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--allowed_flex_volumes))
- `allowed_unsafe_sysctls` (List of String) AllowedUnsafeSysctls is a list of explicitly allowed unsafe sysctls, defaults to none. Each entry is either a plain sysctl name or ends in '*' in which case it is considered as a prefix of allowed sysctls. Single * means all unsafe sysctls are allowed. Kubelet has to whitelist all allowed unsafe sysctls explicitly to avoid rejection.  Examples: e.g. 'foo/*' allows 'foo/bar', 'foo/baz', etc. e.g. 'foo.*' allows 'foo.bar', 'foo.baz', etc.
- `default_allow_privilege_escalation` (Boolean) DefaultAllowPrivilegeEscalation controls the default setting for whether a process can gain more privileges than its parent process.
- `forbidden_sysctls` (List of String) ForbiddenSysctls is a list of explicitly forbidden sysctls, defaults to none. Each entry is either a plain sysctl name or ends in '*' in which case it is considered as a prefix of forbidden sysctls. Single * means all sysctls are forbidden.  Examples: e.g. 'foo/*' forbids 'foo/bar', 'foo/baz', etc. e.g. 'foo.*' forbids 'foo.bar', 'foo.baz', etc.
- `fs_group` (Attributes) FSGroup is the strategy that will dictate what fs group is used by the SecurityContext. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--fs_group))
- `groups` (List of String) The groups that have permission to use this security context constraints
- `run_as_user` (Attributes) RunAsUser is the strategy that will dictate what RunAsUser is used in the SecurityContext. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--run_as_user))
- `se_linux_context` (Attributes) SELinuxContext is the strategy that will dictate what labels will be set in the SecurityContext. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--se_linux_context))
- `seccomp_profiles` (List of String) SeccompProfiles lists the allowed profiles that may be set for the pod or container's seccomp annotations.  An unset (nil) or empty value means that no profiles may be specifid by the pod or container.	The wildcard '*' may be used to allow all profiles.  When used to generate a value for a pod the first non-wildcard profile will be used as the default.
- `supplemental_groups` (Attributes) SupplementalGroups is the strategy that will dictate what supplemental groups are used by the SecurityContext. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--supplemental_groups))
- `users` (List of String) The users who have permissions to use this security context constraints

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--allowed_flex_volumes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allowed_flex_volumes`

Required:

- `driver` (String) Driver is the name of the Flexvolume driver.


<a id="nestedatt--fs_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `fs_group`

Optional:

- `ranges` (Attributes List) Ranges are the allowed ranges of fs groups.  If you would like to force a single fs group then supply a single range with the same start and end. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--fs_group--ranges))
- `type` (String) Type is the strategy that will dictate what FSGroup is used in the SecurityContext.

<a id="nestedatt--fs_group--ranges"></a>
### Nested Schema for `fs_group.ranges`

Optional:

- `max` (Number) Max is the end of the range, inclusive.
- `min` (Number) Min is the start of the range, inclusive.



<a id="nestedatt--run_as_user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `run_as_user`

Optional:

- `type` (String) Type is the strategy that will dictate what RunAsUser is used in the SecurityContext.
- `uid` (Number) UID is the user id that containers must run as.  Required for the MustRunAs strategy if not using namespace/service account allocated uids.
- `uid_range_max` (Number) UIDRangeMax defines the max value for a strategy that allocates by range.
- `uid_range_min` (Number) UIDRangeMin defines the min value for a strategy that allocates by range.


<a id="nestedatt--se_linux_context"></a>
### Nested Schema for `se_linux_context`

Optional:

- `se_linux_options` (Attributes) seLinuxOptions required to run as; required for MustRunAs (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--se_linux_context--se_linux_options))
- `type` (String) Type is the strategy that will dictate what SELinux context is used in the SecurityContext.

<a id="nestedatt--se_linux_context--se_linux_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `se_linux_context.se_linux_options`

Optional:

- `level` (String) Level is SELinux level label that applies to the container.
- `role` (String) Role is a SELinux role label that applies to the container.
- `type` (String) Type is a SELinux type label that applies to the container.
- `user` (String) User is a SELinux user label that applies to the container.



<a id="nestedatt--supplemental_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `supplemental_groups`

Optional:

- `ranges` (Attributes List) Ranges are the allowed ranges of supplemental groups.  If you would like to force a single supplemental group then supply a single range with the same start and end. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--supplemental_groups--ranges))
- `type` (String) Type is the strategy that will dictate what supplemental groups is used in the SecurityContext.

<a id="nestedatt--supplemental_groups--ranges"></a>
### Nested Schema for `supplemental_groups.ranges`

Optional:

- `max` (Number) Max is the end of the range, inclusive.
- `min` (Number) Min is the start of the range, inclusive.
