---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_security_istio_io_request_authentication_v1beta1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "security.istio.io"
description: |-
  
---

# k8s_security_istio_io_request_authentication_v1beta1_manifest (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_security_istio_io_request_authentication_v1beta1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) Request authentication configuration for workloads. See more details at: https://istio.io/docs/reference/config/security/request_authentication.html (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `jwt_rules` (Attributes List) Define the list of JWTs that can be validated at the selected workloads' proxy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--jwt_rules))
- `selector` (Attributes) Optional. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--selector))
- `target_ref` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--target_ref))
- `target_refs` (Attributes List) Optional. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--target_refs))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--jwt_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.jwt_rules`

Required:

- `issuer` (String) Identifies the issuer that issued the JWT.

Optional:

- `audiences` (List of String) The list of JWT [audiences](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7519#section-4.1.3) that are allowed to access.
- `forward_original_token` (Boolean) If set to true, the original token will be kept for the upstream request.
- `from_cookies` (List of String) List of cookie names from which JWT is expected.
- `from_headers` (Attributes List) List of header locations from which JWT is expected. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--jwt_rules--from_headers))
- `from_params` (List of String) List of query parameters from which JWT is expected.
- `jwks` (String) JSON Web Key Set of public keys to validate signature of the JWT.
- `jwks_uri` (String) URL of the provider's public key set to validate signature of the JWT.
- `output_claim_to_headers` (Attributes List) This field specifies a list of operations to copy the claim to HTTP headers on a successfully verified token. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--jwt_rules--output_claim_to_headers))
- `output_payload_to_header` (String) This field specifies the header name to output a successfully verified JWT payload to the backend.
- `timeout` (String) The maximum amount of time that the resolver, determined by the PILOT_JWT_ENABLE_REMOTE_JWKS environment variable, will spend waiting for the JWKS to be fetched.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--jwt_rules--from_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.jwt_rules.from_headers`

Required:

- `name` (String) The HTTP header name.

Optional:

- `prefix` (String) The prefix that should be stripped before decoding the token.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--jwt_rules--output_claim_to_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.jwt_rules.output_claim_to_headers`

Optional:

- `claim` (String) The name of the claim to be copied from.
- `header` (String) The name of the header to be created.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.selector`

Optional:

- `match_labels` (Map of String) One or more labels that indicate a specific set of pods/VMs on which a policy should be applied.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--target_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.target_ref`

Optional:

- `group` (String) group is the group of the target resource.
- `kind` (String) kind is kind of the target resource.
- `name` (String) name is the name of the target resource.
- `namespace` (String) namespace is the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--target_refs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.target_refs`

Optional:

- `group` (String) group is the group of the target resource.
- `kind` (String) kind is kind of the target resource.
- `name` (String) name is the name of the target resource.
- `namespace` (String) namespace is the namespace of the referent.
