---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_security_istio_io_authorization_policy_v1beta1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "security.istio.io"
description: |-
  
---

# k8s_security_istio_io_authorization_policy_v1beta1_manifest (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_security_istio_io_authorization_policy_v1beta1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) Configuration for access control on workloads. See more details at: https://istio.io/docs/reference/config/security/authorization-policy.html (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `action` (String) Optional.
- `provider` (Attributes) Specifies detailed configuration of the CUSTOM action. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider))
- `rules` (Attributes List) Optional. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rules))
- `selector` (Attributes) Optional. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--selector))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Specifies the name of the extension provider.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes List) Optional. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rules--from))
- `to` (Attributes List) Optional. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rules--to))
- `when` (Attributes List) Optional. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rules--when))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--rules--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.from`

Optional:

- `source` (Attributes) Source specifies the source of a request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rules--from--source))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--rules--from--source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.from.source`

Optional:

- `ip_blocks` (List of String) Optional.
- `namespaces` (List of String) Optional.
- `not_ip_blocks` (List of String) Optional.
- `not_namespaces` (List of String) Optional.
- `not_principals` (List of String) Optional.
- `not_remote_ip_blocks` (List of String) Optional.
- `not_request_principals` (List of String) Optional.
- `principals` (List of String) Optional.
- `remote_ip_blocks` (List of String) Optional.
- `request_principals` (List of String) Optional.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--rules--to"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.to`

Optional:

- `operation` (Attributes) Operation specifies the operation of a request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rules--to--operation))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--rules--to--operation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.to.operation`

Optional:

- `hosts` (List of String) Optional.
- `methods` (List of String) Optional.
- `not_hosts` (List of String) Optional.
- `not_methods` (List of String) Optional.
- `not_paths` (List of String) Optional.
- `not_ports` (List of String) Optional.
- `paths` (List of String) Optional.
- `ports` (List of String) Optional.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--rules--when"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.when`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The name of an Istio attribute.
- `not_values` (List of String) Optional.
- `values` (List of String) Optional.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.selector`

Optional:

- `match_labels` (Map of String)
