---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_sfn_services_k8s_aws_state_machine_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "sfn.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  StateMachine is the Schema for the StateMachines API
---

# k8s_sfn_services_k8s_aws_state_machine_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

StateMachine is the Schema for the StateMachines API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_sfn_services_k8s_aws_state_machine_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) StateMachineSpec defines the desired state of StateMachine. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `definition` (String) The Amazon States Language definition of the state machine. See Amazon States Language (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/step-functions/latest/dg/concepts-amazon-states-language.html).
- `name` (String) The name of the state machine.  A name must not contain:  * white space  * brackets < > { } [ ]  * wildcard characters ? *  * special characters ' # %  ^ | ~ ' $ & , ; : /  * control characters (U+0000-001F, U+007F-009F)  To enable logging with CloudWatch Logs, the name should only contain 0-9, A-Z, a-z, - and _.
- `role_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IAM role to use for this state machine.

Optional:

- `logging_configuration` (Attributes) Defines what execution history events are logged and where they are logged.  By default, the level is set to OFF. For more information see Log Levels (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/step-functions/latest/dg/cloudwatch-log-level.html) in the AWS Step Functions User Guide. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--logging_configuration))
- `tags` (Attributes List) Tags to be added when creating a state machine.  An array of key-value pairs. For more information, see Using Cost Allocation Tags (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/awsaccountbilling/latest/aboutv2/cost-alloc-tags.html) in the AWS Billing and Cost Management User Guide, and Controlling Access Using IAM Tags (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access_iam-tags.html).  Tags may only contain Unicode letters, digits, white space, or these symbols: _ . : / = + - @. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tags))
- `tracing_configuration` (Attributes) Selects whether AWS X-Ray tracing is enabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tracing_configuration))
- `type_` (String) Determines whether a Standard or Express state machine is created. The default is STANDARD. You cannot update the type of a state machine once it has been created.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--logging_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.logging_configuration`

Optional:

- `destinations` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--logging_configuration--destinations))
- `include_execution_data` (Boolean)
- `level` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--logging_configuration--destinations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.logging_configuration.destinations`

Optional:

- `cloud_watch_logs_log_group` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--logging_configuration--destinations--cloud_watch_logs_log_group))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--logging_configuration--destinations--cloud_watch_logs_log_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.logging_configuration.destinations.cloud_watch_logs_log_group`

Optional:

- `log_group_arn` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--spec--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tracing_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tracing_configuration`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean)
