---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_slo_koordinator_sh_node_metric_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "slo.koordinator.sh"
description: |-
  NodeMetric is the Schema for the nodemetrics API
---

# k8s_slo_koordinator_sh_node_metric_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

NodeMetric is the Schema for the nodemetrics API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_slo_koordinator_sh_node_metric_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) NodeMetricSpec defines the desired state of NodeMetric (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `metric_collect_policy` (Attributes) CollectPolicy defines the Metric collection policy (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--metric_collect_policy))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--metric_collect_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metric_collect_policy`

Optional:

- `aggregate_duration_seconds` (Number) AggregateDurationSeconds represents the aggregation period in seconds
- `node_aggregate_policy` (Attributes) NodeAggregatePolicy represents the target grain of node aggregated usage (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--metric_collect_policy--node_aggregate_policy))
- `node_memory_collect_policy` (String) NodeMemoryPolicy represents apply which method collect memory info
- `report_interval_seconds` (Number) ReportIntervalSeconds represents the report period in seconds

<a id="nestedatt--spec--metric_collect_policy--node_aggregate_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metric_collect_policy.node_aggregate_policy`

Optional:

- `durations` (List of String)
