---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_sloth_slok_dev_prometheus_service_level_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "sloth.slok.dev"
description: |-
  PrometheusServiceLevel is the expected service quality level using Prometheus as the backend used by Sloth.
---

# k8s_sloth_slok_dev_prometheus_service_level_v1_manifest (Data Source)

PrometheusServiceLevel is the expected service quality level using Prometheus as the backend used by Sloth.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_sloth_slok_dev_prometheus_service_level_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) ServiceLevelSpec is the spec for a PrometheusServiceLevel. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `service` (String) Service is the application of the SLOs.

Optional:

- `labels` (Map of String) Labels are the Prometheus labels that will have all the recording and alerting rules generated for the service SLOs.
- `slos` (Attributes List) SLOs are the SLOs of the service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--slos))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--slos"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.slos`

Required:

- `alerting` (Attributes) Alerting is the configuration with all the things related with the SLO alerts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--slos--alerting))
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the SLO.
- `objective` (Number) Objective is target of the SLO the percentage (0, 100] (e.g 99.9).
- `sli` (Attributes) SLI is the indicator (service level indicator) for this specific SLO. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--slos--sli))

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description is the description of the SLO.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels are the Prometheus labels that will have all the recording and alerting rules for this specific SLO. These labels are merged with the previous level labels.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--slos--alerting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.slos.alerting`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations are the Prometheus annotations that will have all the alerts generated by this SLO.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels are the Prometheus labels that will have all the alerts generated by this SLO.
- `name` (String) Name is the name used by the alerts generated for this SLO.
- `page_alert` (Attributes) Page alert refers to the critical alert (check multiwindow-multiburn alerts). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--slos--alerting--page_alert))
- `ticket_alert` (Attributes) TicketAlert alert refers to the warning alert (check multiwindow-multiburn alerts). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--slos--alerting--ticket_alert))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--slos--alerting--page_alert"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.slos.alerting.ticket_alert`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations are the Prometheus annotations for the specific alert.
- `disable` (Boolean) Disable disables the alert and makes Sloth not generating this alert. This can be helpful for example to disable ticket(warning) alerts.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels are the Prometheus labels for the specific alert. For example can be useful to route the Page alert to specific Slack channel.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--slos--alerting--ticket_alert"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.slos.alerting.ticket_alert`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations are the Prometheus annotations for the specific alert.
- `disable` (Boolean) Disable disables the alert and makes Sloth not generating this alert. This can be helpful for example to disable ticket(warning) alerts.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels are the Prometheus labels for the specific alert. For example can be useful to route the Page alert to specific Slack channel.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--slos--sli"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.slos.sli`

Optional:

- `events` (Attributes) Events is the events SLI type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--slos--sli--events))
- `plugin` (Attributes) Plugin is the pluggable SLI type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--slos--sli--plugin))
- `raw` (Attributes) Raw is the raw SLI type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--slos--sli--raw))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--slos--sli--events"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.slos.sli.raw`

Required:

- `error_query` (String) ErrorQuery is a Prometheus query that will get the number/count of events that we consider that are bad for the SLO (e.g 'http 5xx', 'latency > 250ms'...). Requires the usage of '{{.window}}' template variable.
- `total_query` (String) TotalQuery is a Prometheus query that will get the total number/count of events for the SLO (e.g 'all http requests'...). Requires the usage of '{{.window}}' template variable.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--slos--sli--plugin"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.slos.sli.raw`

Required:

- `id` (String) Name is the name of the plugin that needs to load.

Optional:

- `options` (Map of String) Options are the options used for the plugin.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--slos--sli--raw"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.slos.sli.raw`

Required:

- `error_ratio_query` (String) ErrorRatioQuery is a Prometheus query that will get the raw error ratio (0-1) for the SLO.
