---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_snapscheduler_backube_snapshot_schedule_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "snapscheduler.backube"
description: |-
  SnapshotSchedule defines a schedule for taking automated snapshots of PVC(s)
---

# k8s_snapscheduler_backube_snapshot_schedule_v1_manifest (Data Source)

SnapshotSchedule defines a schedule for taking automated snapshots of PVC(s)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_snapscheduler_backube_snapshot_schedule_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) SnapshotScheduleSpec defines the desired state of SnapshotSchedule (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `claim_selector` (Attributes) A filter to select which PVCs to snapshot via this schedule (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--claim_selector))
- `disabled` (Boolean) Indicates that this schedule should be temporarily disabled
- `retention` (Attributes) Retention determines how long this schedule's snapshots will be kept. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--retention))
- `schedule` (String) Schedule is a Cronspec specifying when snapshots should be taken. Seehttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cron for a description of the format.
- `snapshot_template` (Attributes) A template to customize the Snapshots. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--snapshot_template))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--claim_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.claim_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--claim_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--claim_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.claim_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--retention"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.retention`

Optional:

- `expires` (String) The length of time (time.Duration) after which a given Snapshot will bedeleted.
- `max_count` (Number) The maximum number of snapshots to retain per PVC


<a id="nestedatt--spec--snapshot_template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.snapshot_template`

Optional:

- `labels` (Map of String) A list of labels that should be added to each Snapshot created by thisschedule.
- `snapshot_class_name` (String) The name of the VolumeSnapshotClass to be used when creating Snapshots.
