---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_sns_services_k8s_aws_subscription_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "sns.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  Subscription is the Schema for the Subscriptions API
---

# k8s_sns_services_k8s_aws_subscription_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

Subscription is the Schema for the Subscriptions API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_sns_services_k8s_aws_subscription_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) SubscriptionSpec defines the desired state of Subscription.A wrapper type for the attributes of an Amazon SNS subscription. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `protocol` (String) The protocol that you want to use. Supported protocols include:   * http – delivery of JSON-encoded message via HTTP POST   * https – delivery of JSON-encoded message via HTTPS POST   * email – delivery of message via SMTP   * email-json – delivery of JSON-encoded message via SMTP   * sms – delivery of message via SMS   * sqs – delivery of JSON-encoded message to an Amazon SQS queue   * application – delivery of JSON-encoded message to an EndpointArn for   a mobile app and device   * lambda – delivery of JSON-encoded message to an Lambda function   * firehose – delivery of JSON-encoded message to an Amazon Kinesis Data   Firehose delivery stream.

Optional:

- `delivery_policy` (String)
- `endpoint` (String) The endpoint that you want to receive notifications. Endpoints vary by protocol:   * For the http protocol, the (public) endpoint is a URL beginning with   http://.   * For the https protocol, the (public) endpoint is a URL beginning with   https://.   * For the email protocol, the endpoint is an email address.   * For the email-json protocol, the endpoint is an email address.   * For the sms protocol, the endpoint is a phone number of an SMS-enabled   device.   * For the sqs protocol, the endpoint is the ARN of an Amazon SQS queue.   * For the application protocol, the endpoint is the EndpointArn of a mobile   app and device.   * For the lambda protocol, the endpoint is the ARN of an Lambda function.   * For the firehose protocol, the endpoint is the ARN of an Amazon Kinesis   Data Firehose delivery stream.
- `filter_policy` (String)
- `filter_policy_scope` (String)
- `raw_message_delivery` (String)
- `redrive_policy` (String)
- `subscription_role_arn` (String)
- `topic_arn` (String) The ARN of the topic you want to subscribe to.
- `topic_ref` (Attributes) AWSResourceReferenceWrapper provides a wrapper around *AWSResourceReferencetype to provide more user friendly syntax for references using 'from' fieldEx:APIIDRef:	from:	  name: my-api (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--topic_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--topic_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.topic_ref`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference anotherk8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--topic_ref--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--topic_ref--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.topic_ref.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)
