---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_sns_services_k8s_aws_topic_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "sns.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  Topic is the Schema for the Topics API
---

# k8s_sns_services_k8s_aws_topic_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

Topic is the Schema for the Topics API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_sns_services_k8s_aws_topic_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) TopicSpec defines the desired state of Topic.A wrapper type for the topic's Amazon Resource Name (ARN). To retrieve atopic's attributes, use GetTopicAttributes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the topic you want to create.Constraints: Topic names must be made up of only uppercase and lowercaseASCII letters, numbers, underscores, and hyphens, and must be between 1 and256 characters long.For a FIFO (first-in-first-out) topic, the name must end with the .fifo suffix.

Optional:

- `content_based_deduplication` (String)
- `data_protection_policy` (String) The body of the policy document you want to use for this topic.You can only add one policy per topic.The policy must be in JSON string format.Length Constraints: Maximum length of 30,720.
- `delivery_policy` (String)
- `display_name` (String)
- `fifo_topic` (String)
- `kms_master_key_id` (String)
- `kms_master_key_ref` (Attributes) AWSResourceReferenceWrapper provides a wrapper around *AWSResourceReferencetype to provide more user friendly syntax for references using 'from' fieldEx:APIIDRef:	from:	  name: my-api (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--kms_master_key_ref))
- `policy` (String)
- `policy_ref` (Attributes) AWSResourceReferenceWrapper provides a wrapper around *AWSResourceReferencetype to provide more user friendly syntax for references using 'from' fieldEx:APIIDRef:	from:	  name: my-api (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--policy_ref))
- `signature_version` (String)
- `tags` (Attributes List) The list of tags to add to a new topic.To be able to tag a topic on creation, you must have the sns:CreateTopicand sns:TagResource permissions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tags))
- `tracing_config` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--kms_master_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.kms_master_key_ref`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference anotherk8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--kms_master_key_ref--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--kms_master_key_ref--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.kms_master_key_ref.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--policy_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.policy_ref`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference anotherk8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--policy_ref--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--policy_ref--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.policy_ref.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)
