---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_source_toolkit_fluxcd_io_git_repository_v1beta1 Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "source.toolkit.fluxcd.io"
description: |-
  GitRepository is the Schema for the gitrepositories API
---

# k8s_source_toolkit_fluxcd_io_git_repository_v1beta1 (Data Source)

GitRepository is the Schema for the gitrepositories API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_source_toolkit_fluxcd_io_git_repository_v1beta1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `spec` (Attributes) GitRepositorySpec defines the desired state of a Git repository. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Read-Only:

- `access_from` (Attributes) AccessFrom defines an Access Control List for allowing cross-namespace references to this object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--access_from))
- `git_implementation` (String) Determines which git client library to use. Defaults to go-git, valid values are ('go-git', 'libgit2').
- `ignore` (String) Ignore overrides the set of excluded patterns in the .sourceignore format (which is the same as .gitignore). If not provided, a default will be used, consult the documentation for your version to find out what those are.
- `include` (Attributes List) Extra git repositories to map into the repository (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--include))
- `interval` (String) The interval at which to check for repository updates.
- `recurse_submodules` (Boolean) When enabled, after the clone is created, initializes all submodules within, using their default settings. This option is available only when using the 'go-git' GitImplementation.
- `ref` (Attributes) The Git reference to checkout and monitor for changes, defaults to master branch. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ref))
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) The secret name containing the Git credentials. For HTTPS repositories the secret must contain username and password fields. For SSH repositories the secret must contain identity and known_hosts fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--secret_ref))
- `suspend` (Boolean) This flag tells the controller to suspend the reconciliation of this source.
- `timeout` (String) The timeout for remote Git operations like cloning, defaults to 60s.
- `url` (String) The repository URL, can be a HTTP/S or SSH address.
- `verify` (Attributes) Verify OpenPGP signature for the Git commit HEAD points to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--verify))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--access_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.access_from`

Read-Only:

- `namespace_selectors` (Attributes List) NamespaceSelectors is the list of namespace selectors to which this ACL applies. Items in this list are evaluated using a logical OR operation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--access_from--namespace_selectors))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--access_from--namespace_selectors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.access_from.namespace_selectors`

Read-Only:

- `match_labels` (Map of String) MatchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--include"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.include`

Read-Only:

- `from_path` (String) The path to copy contents from, defaults to the root directory.
- `repository` (Attributes) Reference to a GitRepository to include. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--include--repository))
- `to_path` (String) The path to copy contents to, defaults to the name of the source ref.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--include--repository"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.include.repository`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ref`

Read-Only:

- `branch` (String) The Git branch to checkout, defaults to master.
- `commit` (String) The Git commit SHA to checkout, if specified Tag filters will be ignored.
- `semver` (String) The Git tag semver expression, takes precedence over Tag.
- `tag` (String) The Git tag to checkout, takes precedence over Branch.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.secret_ref`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--verify"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.verify`

Read-Only:

- `mode` (String) Mode describes what git object should be verified, currently ('head').
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) The secret name containing the public keys of all trusted Git authors. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--verify--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--verify--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.verify.secret_ref`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.
