---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_source_toolkit_fluxcd_io_bucket_v1beta1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "source.toolkit.fluxcd.io"
description: |-
  Bucket is the Schema for the buckets API
---

# k8s_source_toolkit_fluxcd_io_bucket_v1beta1_manifest (Data Source)

Bucket is the Schema for the buckets API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_source_toolkit_fluxcd_io_bucket_v1beta1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) BucketSpec defines the desired state of an S3 compatible bucket (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `bucket_name` (String) The bucket name.
- `endpoint` (String) The bucket endpoint address.
- `interval` (String) The interval at which to check for bucket updates.

Optional:

- `access_from` (Attributes) AccessFrom defines an Access Control List for allowing cross-namespace references to this object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--access_from))
- `ignore` (String) Ignore overrides the set of excluded patterns in the .sourceignore format(which is the same as .gitignore). If not provided, a default will be used,consult the documentation for your version to find out what those are.
- `insecure` (Boolean) Insecure allows connecting to a non-TLS S3 HTTP endpoint.
- `provider` (String) The S3 compatible storage provider name, default ('generic').
- `region` (String) The bucket region.
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) The name of the secret containing authentication credentialsfor the Bucket. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--secret_ref))
- `suspend` (Boolean) This flag tells the controller to suspend the reconciliation of this source.
- `timeout` (String) The timeout for download operations, defaults to 60s.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--access_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.access_from`

Required:

- `namespace_selectors` (Attributes List) NamespaceSelectors is the list of namespace selectors to which this ACL applies.Items in this list are evaluated using a logical OR operation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--access_from--namespace_selectors))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--access_from--namespace_selectors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.access_from.namespace_selectors`

Optional:

- `match_labels` (Map of String) MatchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.secret_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.
