---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_source_toolkit_fluxcd_io_helm_chart_v1beta1 Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "source.toolkit.fluxcd.io"
description: |-
  HelmChart is the Schema for the helmcharts API
---

# k8s_source_toolkit_fluxcd_io_helm_chart_v1beta1 (Data Source)

HelmChart is the Schema for the helmcharts API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_source_toolkit_fluxcd_io_helm_chart_v1beta1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `spec` (Attributes) HelmChartSpec defines the desired state of a Helm chart. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Read-Only:

- `access_from` (Attributes) AccessFrom defines an Access Control List for allowing cross-namespace references to this object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--access_from))
- `chart` (String) The name or path the Helm chart is available at in the SourceRef.
- `interval` (String) The interval at which to check the Source for updates.
- `reconcile_strategy` (String) Determines what enables the creation of a new artifact. Valid values are ('ChartVersion', 'Revision'). See the documentation of the values for an explanation on their behavior. Defaults to ChartVersion when omitted.
- `source_ref` (Attributes) The reference to the Source the chart is available at. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--source_ref))
- `suspend` (Boolean) This flag tells the controller to suspend the reconciliation of this source.
- `values_file` (String) Alternative values file to use as the default chart values, expected to be a relative path in the SourceRef. Deprecated in favor of ValuesFiles, for backwards compatibility the file defined here is merged before the ValuesFiles items. Ignored when omitted.
- `values_files` (List of String) Alternative list of values files to use as the chart values (values.yaml is not included by default), expected to be a relative path in the SourceRef. Values files are merged in the order of this list with the last file overriding the first. Ignored when omitted.
- `version` (String) The chart version semver expression, ignored for charts from GitRepository and Bucket sources. Defaults to latest when omitted.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--access_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.access_from`

Read-Only:

- `namespace_selectors` (Attributes List) NamespaceSelectors is the list of namespace selectors to which this ACL applies. Items in this list are evaluated using a logical OR operation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--access_from--namespace_selectors))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--access_from--namespace_selectors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.access_from.namespace_selectors`

Read-Only:

- `match_labels` (Map of String) MatchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--source_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.source_ref`

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion of the referent.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent, valid values are ('HelmRepository', 'GitRepository', 'Bucket').
- `name` (String) Name of the referent.
