---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_source_toolkit_fluxcd_io_bucket_v1beta2_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "source.toolkit.fluxcd.io"
description: |-
  Bucket is the Schema for the buckets API.
---

# k8s_source_toolkit_fluxcd_io_bucket_v1beta2_manifest (Data Source)

Bucket is the Schema for the buckets API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_source_toolkit_fluxcd_io_bucket_v1beta2_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) BucketSpec specifies the required configuration to produce an Artifact foran object storage bucket. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `bucket_name` (String) BucketName is the name of the object storage bucket.
- `endpoint` (String) Endpoint is the object storage address the BucketName is located at.
- `interval` (String) Interval at which the Bucket Endpoint is checked for updates.This interval is approximate and may be subject to jitter to ensureefficient use of resources.

Optional:

- `access_from` (Attributes) AccessFrom specifies an Access Control List for allowing cross-namespacereferences to this object.NOTE: Not implemented, provisional as of https://github.com/fluxcd/flux2/pull/2092 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--access_from))
- `cert_secret_ref` (Attributes) CertSecretRef can be given the name of a Secret containingeither or both of- a PEM-encoded client certificate ('tls.crt') and privatekey ('tls.key');- a PEM-encoded CA certificate ('ca.crt')and whichever are supplied, will be used for connecting to thebucket. The client cert and key are useful if you areauthenticating with a certificate; the CA cert is useful ifyou are using a self-signed server certificate. The Secret mustbe of type 'Opaque' or 'kubernetes.io/tls'.This field is only supported for the 'generic' provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cert_secret_ref))
- `ignore` (String) Ignore overrides the set of excluded patterns in the .sourceignore format(which is the same as .gitignore). If not provided, a default will be used,consult the documentation for your version to find out what those are.
- `insecure` (Boolean) Insecure allows connecting to a non-TLS HTTP Endpoint.
- `prefix` (String) Prefix to use for server-side filtering of files in the Bucket.
- `provider` (String) Provider of the object storage bucket.Defaults to 'generic', which expects an S3 (API) compatible objectstorage.
- `proxy_secret_ref` (Attributes) ProxySecretRef specifies the Secret containing the proxy configurationto use while communicating with the Bucket server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--proxy_secret_ref))
- `region` (String) Region of the Endpoint where the BucketName is located in.
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) SecretRef specifies the Secret containing authentication credentialsfor the Bucket. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--secret_ref))
- `sts` (Attributes) STS specifies the required configuration to use a Security TokenService for fetching temporary credentials to authenticate in aBucket provider.This field is only supported for the 'aws' and 'generic' providers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--sts))
- `suspend` (Boolean) Suspend tells the controller to suspend the reconciliation of thisBucket.
- `timeout` (String) Timeout for fetch operations, defaults to 60s.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--access_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.access_from`

Required:

- `namespace_selectors` (Attributes List) NamespaceSelectors is the list of namespace selectors to which this ACL applies.Items in this list are evaluated using a logical OR operation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--access_from--namespace_selectors))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--access_from--namespace_selectors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.access_from.namespace_selectors`

Optional:

- `match_labels` (Map of String) MatchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--cert_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cert_secret_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--proxy_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.proxy_secret_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.secret_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--sts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.sts`

Required:

- `endpoint` (String) Endpoint is the HTTP/S endpoint of the Security Token Service fromwhere temporary credentials will be fetched.
- `provider` (String) Provider of the Security Token Service.

Optional:

- `cert_secret_ref` (Attributes) CertSecretRef can be given the name of a Secret containingeither or both of- a PEM-encoded client certificate ('tls.crt') and privatekey ('tls.key');- a PEM-encoded CA certificate ('ca.crt')and whichever are supplied, will be used for connecting to theSTS endpoint. The client cert and key are useful if you areauthenticating with a certificate; the CA cert is useful ifyou are using a self-signed server certificate. The Secret mustbe of type 'Opaque' or 'kubernetes.io/tls'.This field is only supported for the 'ldap' provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--sts--cert_secret_ref))
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) SecretRef specifies the Secret containing authentication credentialsfor the STS endpoint. This Secret must contain the fields 'username'and 'password' and is supported only for the 'ldap' provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--sts--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--sts--cert_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.sts.cert_secret_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--sts--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.sts.secret_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.
