---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_source_toolkit_fluxcd_io_helm_repository_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "source.toolkit.fluxcd.io"
description: |-
  HelmRepository is the Schema for the helmrepositories API.
---

# k8s_source_toolkit_fluxcd_io_helm_repository_v1_manifest (Data Source)

HelmRepository is the Schema for the helmrepositories API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_source_toolkit_fluxcd_io_helm_repository_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) HelmRepositorySpec specifies the required configuration to produce anArtifact for a Helm repository index YAML. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `url` (String) URL of the Helm repository, a valid URL contains at least a protocol andhost.

Optional:

- `access_from` (Attributes) AccessFrom specifies an Access Control List for allowing cross-namespacereferences to this object.NOTE: Not implemented, provisional as of https://github.com/fluxcd/flux2/pull/2092 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--access_from))
- `cert_secret_ref` (Attributes) CertSecretRef can be given the name of a Secret containingeither or both of- a PEM-encoded client certificate ('tls.crt') and privatekey ('tls.key');- a PEM-encoded CA certificate ('ca.crt')and whichever are supplied, will be used for connecting to theregistry. The client cert and key are useful if you areauthenticating with a certificate; the CA cert is useful ifyou are using a self-signed server certificate. The Secret mustbe of type 'Opaque' or 'kubernetes.io/tls'.It takes precedence over the values specified in the Secret referredto by '.spec.secretRef'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cert_secret_ref))
- `insecure` (Boolean) Insecure allows connecting to a non-TLS HTTP container registry.This field is only taken into account if the .spec.type field is set to 'oci'.
- `interval` (String) Interval at which the HelmRepository URL is checked for updates.This interval is approximate and may be subject to jitter to ensureefficient use of resources.
- `pass_credentials` (Boolean) PassCredentials allows the credentials from the SecretRef to be passedon to a host that does not match the host as defined in URL.This may be required if the host of the advertised chart URLs in theindex differ from the defined URL.Enabling this should be done with caution, as it can potentially resultin credentials getting stolen in a MITM-attack.
- `provider` (String) Provider used for authentication, can be 'aws', 'azure', 'gcp' or 'generic'.This field is optional, and only taken into account if the .spec.type field is set to 'oci'.When not specified, defaults to 'generic'.
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) SecretRef specifies the Secret containing authentication credentialsfor the HelmRepository.For HTTP/S basic auth the secret must contain 'username' and 'password'fields.Support for TLS auth using the 'certFile' and 'keyFile', and/or 'caFile'keys is deprecated. Please use '.spec.certSecretRef' instead. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--secret_ref))
- `suspend` (Boolean) Suspend tells the controller to suspend the reconciliation of thisHelmRepository.
- `timeout` (String) Timeout is used for the index fetch operation for an HTTPS helm repository,and for remote OCI Repository operations like pulling for an OCI helmchart by the associated HelmChart.Its default value is 60s.
- `type` (String) Type of the HelmRepository.When this field is set to  'oci', the URL field value must be prefixed with 'oci://'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--access_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.access_from`

Required:

- `namespace_selectors` (Attributes List) NamespaceSelectors is the list of namespace selectors to which this ACL applies.Items in this list are evaluated using a logical OR operation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--access_from--namespace_selectors))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--access_from--namespace_selectors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.access_from.namespace_selectors`

Optional:

- `match_labels` (Map of String) MatchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--cert_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cert_secret_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.secret_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.
