---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_spark_stackable_tech_spark_application_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "spark.stackable.tech"
description: |-
  Auto-generated derived type for SparkApplicationSpec via 'CustomResource'
---

# k8s_spark_stackable_tech_spark_application_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

Auto-generated derived type for SparkApplicationSpec via 'CustomResource'

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_spark_stackable_tech_spark_application_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
  spec = {
    main_application_file = "some-file"
    mode                  = "cluster"
    spark_image           = {}
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) A Spark cluster stacklet. This resource is managed by the Stackable operator for Apache Spark. Find more information on how to use it and the resources that the operator generates in the [operator documentation](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/spark-k8s/). The SparkApplication CRD looks a little different than the CRDs of the other products on the Stackable Data Platform. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `main_application_file` (String) The actual application file that will be called by 'spark-submit'.
- `mode` (String) Mode: cluster or client. Currently only cluster is supported.
- `spark_image` (Attributes) Specify which image to use, the easiest way is to only configure the 'productVersion'. You can also configure a custom image registry to pull from, as well as completely custom images. Consult the [Product image selection documentation](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/concepts/product_image_selection) for details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--spark_image))

Optional:

- `args` (List of String) Arguments passed directly to the job artifact.
- `deps` (Attributes) Job dependencies: a list of python packages that will be installed via pip, a list of packages or repositories that is passed directly to spark-submit, or a list of excluded packages (also passed directly to spark-submit). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--deps))
- `driver` (Attributes) The driver role specifies the configuration that, together with the driver pod template, is used by Spark to create driver pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--driver))
- `env` (Attributes List) A list of environment variables that will be set in the job pod and the driver and executor pod templates. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--env))
- `executor` (Attributes) The executor role specifies the configuration that, together with the driver pod template, is used by Spark to create the executor pods. This is RoleGroup instead of plain CommonConfiguration because it needs to allows for the number of replicas. to be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--executor))
- `image` (String) User-supplied image containing spark-job dependencies that will be copied to the specified volume mount. See the [examples](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/spark-k8s/usage-guide/examples).
- `job` (Attributes) The job builds a spark-submit command, complete with arguments and referenced dependencies such as templates, and passes it on to Spark. The reason this property uses its own type (SubmitConfigFragment) is because logging is not supported for spark-submit processes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--job))
- `log_file_directory` (Attributes) The log file directory definition used by the Spark history server. Currently only S3 buckets are supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--log_file_directory))
- `main_class` (String) The main class - i.e. entry point - for JVM artifacts.
- `s3connection` (Attributes) Configure an S3 connection that the SparkApplication has access to. Read more in the [Spark S3 usage guide](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/spark-k8s/usage-guide/s3). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--s3connection))
- `spark_conf` (Map of String) A map of key/value strings that will be passed directly to spark-submit.
- `vector_aggregator_config_map_name` (String) Name of the Vector aggregator [discovery ConfigMap](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/concepts/service_discovery). It must contain the key 'ADDRESS' with the address of the Vector aggregator. Follow the [logging tutorial](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/tutorials/logging-vector-aggregator) to learn how to configure log aggregation with Vector.
- `volumes` (List of Map of String) A list of volumes that can be made available to the job, driver or executors via their volume mounts.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--spark_image"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.spark_image`

Optional:

- `custom` (String) Overwrite the docker image. Specify the full docker image name, e.g. 'docker.stackable.tech/stackable/superset:1.4.1-stackable2.1.0'
- `product_version` (String) Version of the product, e.g. '1.4.1'.
- `pull_policy` (String) [Pull policy](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images/#image-pull-policy) used when pulling the image.
- `pull_secrets` (Attributes List) [Image pull secrets](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images/#specifying-imagepullsecrets-on-a-pod) to pull images from a private registry. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--spark_image--pull_secrets))
- `repo` (String) Name of the docker repo, e.g. 'docker.stackable.tech/stackable'
- `stackable_version` (String) Stackable version of the product, e.g. '23.4', '23.4.1' or '0.0.0-dev'. If not specified, the operator will use its own version, e.g. '23.4.1'. When using a nightly operator or a pr version, it will use the nightly '0.0.0-dev' image.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--spark_image--pull_secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.spark_image.pull_secrets`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. This field is effectively required, but due to backwards compatibility is allowed to be empty. Instances of this type with an empty value here are almost certainly wrong. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names



<a id="nestedatt--spec--deps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.deps`

Optional:

- `exclude_packages` (List of String) A list of excluded packages that is passed directly to 'spark-submit'.
- `packages` (List of String) A list of packages that is passed directly to 'spark-submit'.
- `repositories` (List of String) A list of repositories that is passed directly to 'spark-submit'.
- `requirements` (List of String) Under the 'requirements' you can specify Python dependencies that will be installed with 'pip'. Example: 'tabulate==0.8.9'


<a id="nestedatt--spec--driver"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.driver`

Optional:

- `cli_overrides` (Map of String)
- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--driver--config))
- `config_overrides` (Map of Map of String) The 'configOverrides' can be used to configure properties in product config files that are not exposed in the CRD. Read the [config overrides documentation](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/concepts/overrides#config-overrides) and consult the operator specific usage guide documentation for details on the available config files and settings for the specific product.
- `env_overrides` (Map of String) 'envOverrides' configure environment variables to be set in the Pods. It is a map from strings to strings - environment variables and the value to set. Read the [environment variable overrides documentation](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/concepts/overrides#env-overrides) for more information and consult the operator specific usage guide to find out about the product specific environment variables that are available.
- `pod_overrides` (Map of String) In the 'podOverrides' property you can define a [PodTemplateSpec](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.27/#podtemplatespec-v1-core) to override any property that can be set on a Kubernetes Pod. Read the [Pod overrides documentation](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/concepts/overrides#pod-overrides) for more information.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--driver--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.driver.config`

Optional:

- `affinity` (Attributes) These configuration settings control [Pod placement](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/concepts/operations/pod_placement). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--driver--config--affinity))
- `logging` (Attributes) Logging configuration, learn more in the [logging concept documentation](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/concepts/logging). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--driver--config--logging))
- `resources` (Attributes) Resource usage is configured here, this includes CPU usage, memory usage and disk storage usage, if this role needs any. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--driver--config--resources))
- `volume_mounts` (List of Map of String) Volume mounts for the spark-submit, driver and executor pods.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--driver--config--affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.driver.config.affinity`

Optional:

- `node_affinity` (Map of String) Same as the 'spec.affinity.nodeAffinity' field on the Pod, see the [Kubernetes docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node)
- `node_selector` (Map of String) Simple key-value pairs forming a nodeSelector, see the [Kubernetes docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node)
- `pod_affinity` (Map of String) Same as the 'spec.affinity.podAffinity' field on the Pod, see the [Kubernetes docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node)
- `pod_anti_affinity` (Map of String) Same as the 'spec.affinity.podAntiAffinity' field on the Pod, see the [Kubernetes docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--driver--config--logging"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.driver.config.logging`

Optional:

- `containers` (Attributes) Log configuration per container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--driver--config--logging--containers))
- `enable_vector_agent` (Boolean) Wether or not to deploy a container with the Vector log agent.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--driver--config--logging--containers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.driver.config.logging.containers`

Optional:

- `console` (Attributes) Configuration for the console appender (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--driver--config--logging--containers--console))
- `custom` (Attributes) Custom log configuration provided in a ConfigMap (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--driver--config--logging--containers--custom))
- `file` (Attributes) Configuration for the file appender (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--driver--config--logging--containers--file))
- `loggers` (Attributes) Configuration per logger (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--driver--config--logging--containers--loggers))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--driver--config--logging--containers--console"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.driver.config.logging.containers.console`

Optional:

- `level` (String) The log level threshold. Log events with a lower log level are discarded.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--driver--config--logging--containers--custom"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.driver.config.logging.containers.custom`

Optional:

- `config_map` (String) ConfigMap containing the log configuration files


<a id="nestedatt--spec--driver--config--logging--containers--file"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.driver.config.logging.containers.file`

Optional:

- `level` (String) The log level threshold. Log events with a lower log level are discarded.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--driver--config--logging--containers--loggers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.driver.config.logging.containers.loggers`

Optional:

- `level` (String) The log level threshold. Log events with a lower log level are discarded.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--driver--config--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.driver.config.resources`

Optional:

- `cpu` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--driver--config--resources--cpu))
- `memory` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--driver--config--resources--memory))
- `storage` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--driver--config--resources--cpu"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.driver.config.resources.cpu`

Optional:

- `max` (String) The maximum amount of CPU cores that can be requested by Pods. Equivalent to the 'limit' for Pod resource configuration. Cores are specified either as a decimal point number or as milli units. For example:'1.5' will be 1.5 cores, also written as '1500m'.
- `min` (String) The minimal amount of CPU cores that Pods need to run. Equivalent to the 'request' for Pod resource configuration. Cores are specified either as a decimal point number or as milli units. For example:'1.5' will be 1.5 cores, also written as '1500m'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--driver--config--resources--memory"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.driver.config.resources.memory`

Optional:

- `limit` (String) The maximum amount of memory that should be available to the Pod. Specified as a byte [Quantity](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/common-definitions/quantity/), which means these suffixes are supported: E, P, T, G, M, k. You can also use the power-of-two equivalents: Ei, Pi, Ti, Gi, Mi, Ki. For example, the following represent roughly the same value: '128974848, 129e6, 129M, 128974848000m, 123Mi'
- `runtime_limits` (Map of String) Additional options that can be specified.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--env"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.env`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the environment variable. Must be a C_IDENTIFIER.

Optional:

- `value` (String) Variable references $(VAR_NAME) are expanded using the previously defined environment variables in the container and any service environment variables. If a variable cannot be resolved, the reference in the input string will be unchanged. Double $$ are reduced to a single $, which allows for escaping the $(VAR_NAME) syntax: i.e. '$$(VAR_NAME)' will produce the string literal '$(VAR_NAME)'. Escaped references will never be expanded, regardless of whether the variable exists or not. Defaults to ''.
- `value_from` (Attributes) Source for the environment variable's value. Cannot be used if value is not empty. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--env--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--env--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.env.value_from`

Optional:

- `config_map_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a ConfigMap. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--env--value_from--config_map_key_ref))
- `field_ref` (Attributes) Selects a field of the pod: supports metadata.name, metadata.namespace, 'metadata.labels['<KEY>']', 'metadata.annotations['<KEY>']', spec.nodeName, spec.serviceAccountName, status.hostIP, status.podIP, status.podIPs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--env--value_from--field_ref))
- `resource_field_ref` (Attributes) Selects a resource of the container: only resources limits and requests (limits.cpu, limits.memory, limits.ephemeral-storage, requests.cpu, requests.memory and requests.ephemeral-storage) are currently supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--env--value_from--resource_field_ref))
- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a secret in the pod's namespace (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--env--value_from--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--env--value_from--config_map_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.env.value_from.config_map_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key to select.
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. This field is effectively required, but due to backwards compatibility is allowed to be empty. Instances of this type with an empty value here are almost certainly wrong. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names

Optional:

- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the ConfigMap or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--env--value_from--field_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.env.value_from.field_ref`

Required:

- `field_path` (String) Path of the field to select in the specified API version.

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) Version of the schema the FieldPath is written in terms of, defaults to 'v1'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--env--value_from--resource_field_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.env.value_from.resource_field_ref`

Required:

- `resource` (String) Required: resource to select

Optional:

- `container_name` (String) Container name: required for volumes, optional for env vars
- `divisor` (String) Specifies the output format of the exposed resources, defaults to '1'


<a id="nestedatt--spec--env--value_from--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.env.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from. Must be a valid secret key.
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. This field is effectively required, but due to backwards compatibility is allowed to be empty. Instances of this type with an empty value here are almost certainly wrong. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names

Optional:

- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined




<a id="nestedatt--spec--executor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.executor`

Optional:

- `cli_overrides` (Map of String)
- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--executor--config))
- `config_overrides` (Map of Map of String) The 'configOverrides' can be used to configure properties in product config files that are not exposed in the CRD. Read the [config overrides documentation](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/concepts/overrides#config-overrides) and consult the operator specific usage guide documentation for details on the available config files and settings for the specific product.
- `env_overrides` (Map of String) 'envOverrides' configure environment variables to be set in the Pods. It is a map from strings to strings - environment variables and the value to set. Read the [environment variable overrides documentation](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/concepts/overrides#env-overrides) for more information and consult the operator specific usage guide to find out about the product specific environment variables that are available.
- `pod_overrides` (Map of String) In the 'podOverrides' property you can define a [PodTemplateSpec](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.27/#podtemplatespec-v1-core) to override any property that can be set on a Kubernetes Pod. Read the [Pod overrides documentation](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/concepts/overrides#pod-overrides) for more information.
- `replicas` (Number)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--executor--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.executor.config`

Optional:

- `affinity` (Attributes) These configuration settings control [Pod placement](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/concepts/operations/pod_placement). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--executor--config--affinity))
- `logging` (Attributes) Logging configuration, learn more in the [logging concept documentation](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/concepts/logging). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--executor--config--logging))
- `resources` (Attributes) Resource usage is configured here, this includes CPU usage, memory usage and disk storage usage, if this role needs any. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--executor--config--resources))
- `volume_mounts` (List of Map of String) Volume mounts for the spark-submit, driver and executor pods.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--executor--config--affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.executor.config.affinity`

Optional:

- `node_affinity` (Map of String) Same as the 'spec.affinity.nodeAffinity' field on the Pod, see the [Kubernetes docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node)
- `node_selector` (Map of String) Simple key-value pairs forming a nodeSelector, see the [Kubernetes docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node)
- `pod_affinity` (Map of String) Same as the 'spec.affinity.podAffinity' field on the Pod, see the [Kubernetes docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node)
- `pod_anti_affinity` (Map of String) Same as the 'spec.affinity.podAntiAffinity' field on the Pod, see the [Kubernetes docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--executor--config--logging"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.executor.config.logging`

Optional:

- `containers` (Attributes) Log configuration per container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--executor--config--logging--containers))
- `enable_vector_agent` (Boolean) Wether or not to deploy a container with the Vector log agent.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--executor--config--logging--containers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.executor.config.logging.containers`

Optional:

- `console` (Attributes) Configuration for the console appender (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--executor--config--logging--containers--console))
- `custom` (Attributes) Custom log configuration provided in a ConfigMap (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--executor--config--logging--containers--custom))
- `file` (Attributes) Configuration for the file appender (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--executor--config--logging--containers--file))
- `loggers` (Attributes) Configuration per logger (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--executor--config--logging--containers--loggers))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--executor--config--logging--containers--console"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.executor.config.logging.containers.console`

Optional:

- `level` (String) The log level threshold. Log events with a lower log level are discarded.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--executor--config--logging--containers--custom"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.executor.config.logging.containers.custom`

Optional:

- `config_map` (String) ConfigMap containing the log configuration files


<a id="nestedatt--spec--executor--config--logging--containers--file"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.executor.config.logging.containers.file`

Optional:

- `level` (String) The log level threshold. Log events with a lower log level are discarded.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--executor--config--logging--containers--loggers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.executor.config.logging.containers.loggers`

Optional:

- `level` (String) The log level threshold. Log events with a lower log level are discarded.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--executor--config--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.executor.config.resources`

Optional:

- `cpu` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--executor--config--resources--cpu))
- `memory` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--executor--config--resources--memory))
- `storage` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--executor--config--resources--cpu"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.executor.config.resources.cpu`

Optional:

- `max` (String) The maximum amount of CPU cores that can be requested by Pods. Equivalent to the 'limit' for Pod resource configuration. Cores are specified either as a decimal point number or as milli units. For example:'1.5' will be 1.5 cores, also written as '1500m'.
- `min` (String) The minimal amount of CPU cores that Pods need to run. Equivalent to the 'request' for Pod resource configuration. Cores are specified either as a decimal point number or as milli units. For example:'1.5' will be 1.5 cores, also written as '1500m'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--executor--config--resources--memory"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.executor.config.resources.memory`

Optional:

- `limit` (String) The maximum amount of memory that should be available to the Pod. Specified as a byte [Quantity](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/common-definitions/quantity/), which means these suffixes are supported: E, P, T, G, M, k. You can also use the power-of-two equivalents: Ei, Pi, Ti, Gi, Mi, Ki. For example, the following represent roughly the same value: '128974848, 129e6, 129M, 128974848000m, 123Mi'
- `runtime_limits` (Map of String) Additional options that can be specified.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--job"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.job`

Optional:

- `cli_overrides` (Map of String)
- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--job--config))
- `config_overrides` (Map of Map of String) The 'configOverrides' can be used to configure properties in product config files that are not exposed in the CRD. Read the [config overrides documentation](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/concepts/overrides#config-overrides) and consult the operator specific usage guide documentation for details on the available config files and settings for the specific product.
- `env_overrides` (Map of String) 'envOverrides' configure environment variables to be set in the Pods. It is a map from strings to strings - environment variables and the value to set. Read the [environment variable overrides documentation](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/concepts/overrides#env-overrides) for more information and consult the operator specific usage guide to find out about the product specific environment variables that are available.
- `pod_overrides` (Map of String) In the 'podOverrides' property you can define a [PodTemplateSpec](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.27/#podtemplatespec-v1-core) to override any property that can be set on a Kubernetes Pod. Read the [Pod overrides documentation](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/concepts/overrides#pod-overrides) for more information.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--job--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.job.config`

Optional:

- `resources` (Attributes) Resource usage is configured here, this includes CPU usage, memory usage and disk storage usage, if this role needs any. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--job--config--resources))
- `volume_mounts` (List of Map of String) Volume mounts for the spark-submit, driver and executor pods.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--job--config--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.job.config.resources`

Optional:

- `cpu` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--job--config--resources--cpu))
- `memory` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--job--config--resources--memory))
- `storage` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--job--config--resources--cpu"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.job.config.resources.cpu`

Optional:

- `max` (String) The maximum amount of CPU cores that can be requested by Pods. Equivalent to the 'limit' for Pod resource configuration. Cores are specified either as a decimal point number or as milli units. For example:'1.5' will be 1.5 cores, also written as '1500m'.
- `min` (String) The minimal amount of CPU cores that Pods need to run. Equivalent to the 'request' for Pod resource configuration. Cores are specified either as a decimal point number or as milli units. For example:'1.5' will be 1.5 cores, also written as '1500m'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--job--config--resources--memory"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.job.config.resources.memory`

Optional:

- `limit` (String) The maximum amount of memory that should be available to the Pod. Specified as a byte [Quantity](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/common-definitions/quantity/), which means these suffixes are supported: E, P, T, G, M, k. You can also use the power-of-two equivalents: Ei, Pi, Ti, Gi, Mi, Ki. For example, the following represent roughly the same value: '128974848, 129e6, 129M, 128974848000m, 123Mi'
- `runtime_limits` (Map of String) Additional options that can be specified.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--log_file_directory"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.log_file_directory`

Optional:

- `s3` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--log_file_directory--s3))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--log_file_directory--s3"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.log_file_directory.s3`

Required:

- `bucket` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--log_file_directory--s3--bucket))
- `prefix` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--log_file_directory--s3--bucket"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.log_file_directory.s3.bucket`

Optional:

- `inline` (Attributes) S3 bucket specification containing the bucket name and an inlined or referenced connection specification. Learn more on the [S3 concept documentation](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/concepts/s3). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--log_file_directory--s3--bucket--inline))
- `reference` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--log_file_directory--s3--bucket--inline"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.log_file_directory.s3.bucket.inline`

Required:

- `bucket_name` (String) The name of the S3 bucket.
- `connection` (Attributes) The definition of an S3 connection, either inline or as a reference. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--log_file_directory--s3--bucket--inline--connection))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--log_file_directory--s3--bucket--inline--connection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.log_file_directory.s3.bucket.inline.connection`

Optional:

- `inline` (Attributes) S3 connection definition as a resource. Learn more on the [S3 concept documentation](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/concepts/s3). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--log_file_directory--s3--bucket--inline--connection--inline))
- `reference` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--log_file_directory--s3--bucket--inline--connection--inline"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.log_file_directory.s3.bucket.inline.connection.inline`

Required:

- `host` (String) Host of the S3 server without any protocol or port. For example: 'west1.my-cloud.com'.

Optional:

- `access_style` (String) Which access style to use. Defaults to virtual hosted-style as most of the data products out there. Have a look at the [AWS documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/VirtualHosting.html).
- `credentials` (Attributes) If the S3 uses authentication you have to specify you S3 credentials. In the most cases a [SecretClass](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/secret-operator/secretclass) providing 'accessKey' and 'secretKey' is sufficient. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--log_file_directory--s3--bucket--inline--connection--inline--credentials))
- `port` (Number) Port the S3 server listens on. If not specified the product will determine the port to use.
- `tls` (Attributes) Use a TLS connection. If not specified no TLS will be used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--log_file_directory--s3--bucket--inline--connection--inline--tls))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--log_file_directory--s3--bucket--inline--connection--inline--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.log_file_directory.s3.bucket.inline.connection.inline.credentials`

Required:

- `secret_class` (String) [SecretClass](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/secret-operator/secretclass) containing the LDAP bind credentials.

Optional:

- `scope` (Attributes) [Scope](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/secret-operator/scope) of the [SecretClass](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/secret-operator/secretclass). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--log_file_directory--s3--bucket--inline--connection--inline--credentials--scope))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--log_file_directory--s3--bucket--inline--connection--inline--credentials--scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.log_file_directory.s3.bucket.inline.connection.inline.credentials.scope`

Optional:

- `listener_volumes` (List of String) The listener volume scope allows Node and Service scopes to be inferred from the applicable listeners. This must correspond to Volume names in the Pod that mount Listeners.
- `node` (Boolean) The node scope is resolved to the name of the Kubernetes Node object that the Pod is running on. This will typically be the DNS name of the node.
- `pod` (Boolean) The pod scope is resolved to the name of the Kubernetes Pod. This allows the secret to differentiate between StatefulSet replicas.
- `services` (List of String) The service scope allows Pod objects to specify custom scopes. This should typically correspond to Service objects that the Pod participates in.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--log_file_directory--s3--bucket--inline--connection--inline--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.log_file_directory.s3.bucket.inline.connection.inline.tls`

Required:

- `verification` (Attributes) The verification method used to verify the certificates of the server and/or the client. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--log_file_directory--s3--bucket--inline--connection--inline--tls--verification))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--log_file_directory--s3--bucket--inline--connection--inline--tls--verification"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.log_file_directory.s3.bucket.inline.connection.inline.tls.verification`

Optional:

- `none` (Map of String) Use TLS but don't verify certificates.
- `server` (Attributes) Use TLS and a CA certificate to verify the server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--log_file_directory--s3--bucket--inline--connection--inline--tls--verification--server))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--log_file_directory--s3--bucket--inline--connection--inline--tls--verification--server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.log_file_directory.s3.bucket.inline.connection.inline.tls.verification.server`

Required:

- `ca_cert` (Attributes) CA cert to verify the server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--log_file_directory--s3--bucket--inline--connection--inline--tls--verification--server--ca_cert))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--log_file_directory--s3--bucket--inline--connection--inline--tls--verification--server--ca_cert"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.log_file_directory.s3.bucket.inline.connection.inline.tls.verification.server.ca_cert`

Optional:

- `secret_class` (String) Name of the [SecretClass](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/secret-operator/secretclass) which will provide the CA certificate. Note that a SecretClass does not need to have a key but can also work with just a CA certificate, so if you got provided with a CA cert but don't have access to the key you can still use this method.
- `web_pki` (Map of String) Use TLS and the CA certificates trusted by the common web browsers to verify the server. This can be useful when you e.g. use public AWS S3 or other public available services.











<a id="nestedatt--spec--s3connection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.s3connection`

Optional:

- `inline` (Attributes) S3 connection definition as a resource. Learn more on the [S3 concept documentation](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/concepts/s3). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--s3connection--inline))
- `reference` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--s3connection--inline"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.s3connection.inline`

Required:

- `host` (String) Host of the S3 server without any protocol or port. For example: 'west1.my-cloud.com'.

Optional:

- `access_style` (String) Which access style to use. Defaults to virtual hosted-style as most of the data products out there. Have a look at the [AWS documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/VirtualHosting.html).
- `credentials` (Attributes) If the S3 uses authentication you have to specify you S3 credentials. In the most cases a [SecretClass](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/secret-operator/secretclass) providing 'accessKey' and 'secretKey' is sufficient. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--s3connection--inline--credentials))
- `port` (Number) Port the S3 server listens on. If not specified the product will determine the port to use.
- `tls` (Attributes) Use a TLS connection. If not specified no TLS will be used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--s3connection--inline--tls))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--s3connection--inline--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.s3connection.inline.credentials`

Required:

- `secret_class` (String) [SecretClass](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/secret-operator/secretclass) containing the LDAP bind credentials.

Optional:

- `scope` (Attributes) [Scope](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/secret-operator/scope) of the [SecretClass](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/secret-operator/secretclass). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--s3connection--inline--credentials--scope))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--s3connection--inline--credentials--scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.s3connection.inline.credentials.scope`

Optional:

- `listener_volumes` (List of String) The listener volume scope allows Node and Service scopes to be inferred from the applicable listeners. This must correspond to Volume names in the Pod that mount Listeners.
- `node` (Boolean) The node scope is resolved to the name of the Kubernetes Node object that the Pod is running on. This will typically be the DNS name of the node.
- `pod` (Boolean) The pod scope is resolved to the name of the Kubernetes Pod. This allows the secret to differentiate between StatefulSet replicas.
- `services` (List of String) The service scope allows Pod objects to specify custom scopes. This should typically correspond to Service objects that the Pod participates in.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--s3connection--inline--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.s3connection.inline.tls`

Required:

- `verification` (Attributes) The verification method used to verify the certificates of the server and/or the client. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--s3connection--inline--tls--verification))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--s3connection--inline--tls--verification"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.s3connection.inline.tls.verification`

Optional:

- `none` (Map of String) Use TLS but don't verify certificates.
- `server` (Attributes) Use TLS and a CA certificate to verify the server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--s3connection--inline--tls--verification--server))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--s3connection--inline--tls--verification--server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.s3connection.inline.tls.verification.server`

Required:

- `ca_cert` (Attributes) CA cert to verify the server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--s3connection--inline--tls--verification--server--ca_cert))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--s3connection--inline--tls--verification--server--ca_cert"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.s3connection.inline.tls.verification.server.ca_cert`

Optional:

- `secret_class` (String) Name of the [SecretClass](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/secret-operator/secretclass) which will provide the CA certificate. Note that a SecretClass does not need to have a key but can also work with just a CA certificate, so if you got provided with a CA cert but don't have access to the key you can still use this method.
- `web_pki` (Map of String) Use TLS and the CA certificates trusted by the common web browsers to verify the server. This can be useful when you e.g. use public AWS S3 or other public available services.
