---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_spark_stackable_tech_spark_history_server_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "spark.stackable.tech"
description: |-
  Auto-generated derived type for SparkHistoryServerSpec via 'CustomResource'
---

# k8s_spark_stackable_tech_spark_history_server_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

Auto-generated derived type for SparkHistoryServerSpec via 'CustomResource'

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_spark_stackable_tech_spark_history_server_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) A Spark cluster history server component. This resource is managed by the Stackable operator for Apache Spark. Find more information on how to use it in the [operator documentation](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/spark-k8s/usage-guide/history-server). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `image` (Attributes) Specify which image to use, the easiest way is to only configure the 'productVersion'. You can also configure a custom image registry to pull from, as well as completely custom images. Consult the [Product image selection documentation](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/concepts/product_image_selection) for details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--image))
- `log_file_directory` (Attributes) The log file directory definition used by the Spark history server. Currently only S3 buckets are supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--log_file_directory))
- `nodes` (Attributes) A history server node role definition. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--nodes))

Optional:

- `cluster_config` (Attributes) Global Spark history server configuration that applies to all roles and role groups. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_config))
- `spark_conf` (Map of String) A map of key/value strings that will be passed directly to Spark when deploying the history server.
- `vector_aggregator_config_map_name` (String) Name of the Vector aggregator discovery ConfigMap. It must contain the key 'ADDRESS' with the address of the Vector aggregator.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--image"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.image`

Optional:

- `custom` (String) Overwrite the docker image. Specify the full docker image name, e.g. 'docker.stackable.tech/stackable/superset:1.4.1-stackable2.1.0'
- `product_version` (String) Version of the product, e.g. '1.4.1'.
- `pull_policy` (String) [Pull policy](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images/#image-pull-policy) used when pulling the image.
- `pull_secrets` (Attributes List) [Image pull secrets](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images/#specifying-imagepullsecrets-on-a-pod) to pull images from a private registry. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--image--pull_secrets))
- `repo` (String) Name of the docker repo, e.g. 'docker.stackable.tech/stackable'
- `stackable_version` (String) Stackable version of the product, e.g. '23.4', '23.4.1' or '0.0.0-dev'. If not specified, the operator will use its own version, e.g. '23.4.1'. When using a nightly operator or a pr version, it will use the nightly '0.0.0-dev' image.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--image--pull_secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.image.pull_secrets`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names



<a id="nestedatt--spec--log_file_directory"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.log_file_directory`

Optional:

- `s3` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--log_file_directory--s3))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--log_file_directory--s3"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.log_file_directory.s3`

Required:

- `bucket` (Attributes) An S3 bucket definition, it can either be a reference to an explicit S3Bucket object, or it can be an inline definition of a bucket. Read the [S3 resources concept documentation](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/concepts/s3) to learn more. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--log_file_directory--s3--bucket))
- `prefix` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--log_file_directory--s3--bucket"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.log_file_directory.s3.bucket`

Optional:

- `inline` (Attributes) An inline definition, containing the S3 bucket properties. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--log_file_directory--s3--bucket--inline))
- `reference` (String) A reference to an S3 bucket object. This is simply the name of the 'S3Bucket' resource.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--log_file_directory--s3--bucket--inline"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.log_file_directory.s3.bucket.inline`

Optional:

- `bucket_name` (String) The name of the S3 bucket.
- `connection` (Attributes) The definition of an S3 connection, either inline or as a reference. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--log_file_directory--s3--bucket--inline--connection))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--log_file_directory--s3--bucket--inline--connection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.log_file_directory.s3.bucket.inline.connection`

Optional:

- `inline` (Attributes) Inline definition of an S3 connection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--log_file_directory--s3--bucket--inline--connection--inline))
- `reference` (String) A reference to an S3Connection resource.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--log_file_directory--s3--bucket--inline--connection--inline"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.log_file_directory.s3.bucket.inline.connection.inline`

Optional:

- `access_style` (String) Which access style to use. Defaults to virtual hosted-style as most of the data products out there. Have a look at the [AWS documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/VirtualHosting.html).
- `credentials` (Attributes) If the S3 uses authentication you have to specify you S3 credentials. In the most cases a [SecretClass](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/secret-operator/secretclass) providing 'accessKey' and 'secretKey' is sufficient. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--log_file_directory--s3--bucket--inline--connection--inline--credentials))
- `host` (String) Hostname of the S3 server without any protocol or port. For example: 'west1.my-cloud.com'.
- `port` (Number) Port the S3 server listens on. If not specified the product will determine the port to use.
- `tls` (Attributes) If you want to use TLS when talking to S3 you can enable TLS encrypted communication with this setting. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--log_file_directory--s3--bucket--inline--connection--inline--tls))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--log_file_directory--s3--bucket--inline--connection--inline--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.log_file_directory.s3.bucket.inline.connection.inline.credentials`

Required:

- `secret_class` (String) [SecretClass](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/secret-operator/secretclass) containing the LDAP bind credentials.

Optional:

- `scope` (Attributes) [Scope](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/secret-operator/scope) of the [SecretClass](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/secret-operator/secretclass). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--log_file_directory--s3--bucket--inline--connection--inline--credentials--scope))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--log_file_directory--s3--bucket--inline--connection--inline--credentials--scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.log_file_directory.s3.bucket.inline.connection.inline.credentials.scope`

Optional:

- `node` (Boolean) The node scope is resolved to the name of the Kubernetes Node object that the Pod is running on. This will typically be the DNS name of the node.
- `pod` (Boolean) The pod scope is resolved to the name of the Kubernetes Pod. This allows the secret to differentiate between StatefulSet replicas.
- `services` (List of String) The service scope allows Pod objects to specify custom scopes. This should typically correspond to Service objects that the Pod participates in.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--log_file_directory--s3--bucket--inline--connection--inline--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.log_file_directory.s3.bucket.inline.connection.inline.tls`

Required:

- `verification` (Attributes) The verification method used to verify the certificates of the server and/or the client. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--log_file_directory--s3--bucket--inline--connection--inline--tls--verification))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--log_file_directory--s3--bucket--inline--connection--inline--tls--verification"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.log_file_directory.s3.bucket.inline.connection.inline.tls.verification`

Optional:

- `none` (Map of String) Use TLS but don't verify certificates.
- `server` (Attributes) Use TLS and a CA certificate to verify the server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--log_file_directory--s3--bucket--inline--connection--inline--tls--verification--server))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--log_file_directory--s3--bucket--inline--connection--inline--tls--verification--server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.log_file_directory.s3.bucket.inline.connection.inline.tls.verification.server`

Required:

- `ca_cert` (Attributes) CA cert to verify the server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--log_file_directory--s3--bucket--inline--connection--inline--tls--verification--server--ca_cert))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--log_file_directory--s3--bucket--inline--connection--inline--tls--verification--server--ca_cert"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.log_file_directory.s3.bucket.inline.connection.inline.tls.verification.server.ca_cert`

Optional:

- `secret_class` (String) Name of the [SecretClass](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/secret-operator/secretclass) which will provide the CA certificate. Note that a SecretClass does not need to have a key but can also work with just a CA certificate, so if you got provided with a CA cert but don't have access to the key you can still use this method.
- `web_pki` (Map of String) Use TLS and the CA certificates trusted by the common web browsers to verify the server. This can be useful when you e.g. use public AWS S3 or other public available services.











<a id="nestedatt--spec--nodes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.nodes`

Required:

- `role_groups` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--nodes--role_groups))

Optional:

- `cli_overrides` (Map of String)
- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--nodes--config))
- `config_overrides` (Map of Map of String) The 'configOverrides' can be used to configure properties in product config files that are not exposed in the CRD. Read the [config overrides documentation](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/concepts/overrides#config-overrides) and consult the operator specific usage guide documentation for details on the available config files and settings for the specific product.
- `env_overrides` (Map of String) 'envOverrides' configure environment variables to be set in the Pods. It is a map from strings to strings - environment variables and the value to set. Read the [environment variable overrides documentation](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/concepts/overrides#env-overrides) for more information and consult the operator specific usage guide to find out about the product specific environment variables that are available.
- `pod_overrides` (Map of String) In the 'podOverrides' property you can define a [PodTemplateSpec](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.27/#podtemplatespec-v1-core) to override any property that can be set on a Kubernetes Pod. Read the [Pod overrides documentation](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/concepts/overrides#pod-overrides) for more information.
- `role_config` (Attributes) This is a product-agnostic RoleConfig, which is sufficient for most of the products. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--nodes--role_config))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--nodes--role_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.nodes.role_groups`

Optional:

- `cli_overrides` (Map of String)
- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--nodes--role_groups--config))
- `config_overrides` (Map of Map of String) The 'configOverrides' can be used to configure properties in product config files that are not exposed in the CRD. Read the [config overrides documentation](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/concepts/overrides#config-overrides) and consult the operator specific usage guide documentation for details on the available config files and settings for the specific product.
- `env_overrides` (Map of String) 'envOverrides' configure environment variables to be set in the Pods. It is a map from strings to strings - environment variables and the value to set. Read the [environment variable overrides documentation](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/concepts/overrides#env-overrides) for more information and consult the operator specific usage guide to find out about the product specific environment variables that are available.
- `pod_overrides` (Map of String) In the 'podOverrides' property you can define a [PodTemplateSpec](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.27/#podtemplatespec-v1-core) to override any property that can be set on a Kubernetes Pod. Read the [Pod overrides documentation](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/concepts/overrides#pod-overrides) for more information.
- `replicas` (Number)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--nodes--role_groups--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.nodes.role_groups.config`

Optional:

- `affinity` (Attributes) These configuration settings control [Pod placement](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/concepts/operations/pod_placement). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--nodes--role_groups--config--affinity))
- `cleaner` (Boolean)
- `logging` (Attributes) Logging configuration, learn more in the [logging concept documentation](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/concepts/logging). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--nodes--role_groups--config--logging))
- `resources` (Attributes) Resource usage is configured here, this includes CPU usage, memory usage and disk storage usage, if this role needs any. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--nodes--role_groups--config--resources))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--nodes--role_groups--config--affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.nodes.role_groups.config.affinity`

Required:

- `node_affinity` (Map of String) Same as the 'spec.affinity.nodeAffinity' field on the Pod, see the [Kubernetes docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node)
- `pod_affinity` (Map of String) Same as the 'spec.affinity.podAffinity' field on the Pod, see the [Kubernetes docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node)
- `pod_anti_affinity` (Map of String) Same as the 'spec.affinity.podAntiAffinity' field on the Pod, see the [Kubernetes docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node)

Optional:

- `node_selector` (Map of String) Simple key-value pairs forming a nodeSelector, see the [Kubernetes docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--nodes--role_groups--config--logging"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.nodes.role_groups.config.logging`

Optional:

- `containers` (Attributes) Log configuration per container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--nodes--role_groups--config--logging--containers))
- `enable_vector_agent` (Boolean) Wether or not to deploy a container with the Vector log agent.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--nodes--role_groups--config--logging--containers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.nodes.role_groups.config.logging.containers`

Optional:

- `console` (Attributes) Configuration for the console appender (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--nodes--role_groups--config--logging--containers--console))
- `custom` (Attributes) Custom log configuration provided in a ConfigMap (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--nodes--role_groups--config--logging--containers--custom))
- `file` (Attributes) Configuration for the file appender (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--nodes--role_groups--config--logging--containers--file))
- `loggers` (Attributes) Configuration per logger (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--nodes--role_groups--config--logging--containers--loggers))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--nodes--role_groups--config--logging--containers--console"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.nodes.role_groups.config.logging.containers.console`

Optional:

- `level` (String) The log level threshold. Log events with a lower log level are discarded.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--nodes--role_groups--config--logging--containers--custom"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.nodes.role_groups.config.logging.containers.custom`

Optional:

- `config_map` (String) ConfigMap containing the log configuration files


<a id="nestedatt--spec--nodes--role_groups--config--logging--containers--file"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.nodes.role_groups.config.logging.containers.file`

Optional:

- `level` (String) The log level threshold. Log events with a lower log level are discarded.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--nodes--role_groups--config--logging--containers--loggers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.nodes.role_groups.config.logging.containers.loggers`

Optional:

- `level` (String) The log level threshold. Log events with a lower log level are discarded.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--nodes--role_groups--config--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.nodes.role_groups.config.resources`

Optional:

- `cpu` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--nodes--role_groups--config--resources--cpu))
- `memory` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--nodes--role_groups--config--resources--memory))
- `storage` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--nodes--role_groups--config--resources--cpu"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.nodes.role_groups.config.resources.cpu`

Optional:

- `max` (String) The maximum amount of CPU cores that can be requested by Pods. Equivalent to the 'limit' for Pod resource configuration. Cores are specified either as a decimal point number or as milli units. For example:'1.5' will be 1.5 cores, also written as '1500m'.
- `min` (String) The minimal amount of CPU cores that Pods need to run. Equivalent to the 'request' for Pod resource configuration. Cores are specified either as a decimal point number or as milli units. For example:'1.5' will be 1.5 cores, also written as '1500m'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--nodes--role_groups--config--resources--memory"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.nodes.role_groups.config.resources.memory`

Optional:

- `limit` (String) The maximum amount of memory that should be available to the Pod. Specified as a byte [Quantity](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/common-definitions/quantity/), which means these suffixes are supported: E, P, T, G, M, k. You can also use the power-of-two equivalents: Ei, Pi, Ti, Gi, Mi, Ki. For example, the following represent roughly the same value: '128974848, 129e6, 129M, 128974848000m, 123Mi'
- `runtime_limits` (Map of String) Additional options that can be specified.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--nodes--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.nodes.config`

Optional:

- `affinity` (Attributes) These configuration settings control [Pod placement](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/concepts/operations/pod_placement). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--nodes--config--affinity))
- `cleaner` (Boolean)
- `logging` (Attributes) Logging configuration, learn more in the [logging concept documentation](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/concepts/logging). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--nodes--config--logging))
- `resources` (Attributes) Resource usage is configured here, this includes CPU usage, memory usage and disk storage usage, if this role needs any. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--nodes--config--resources))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--nodes--config--affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.nodes.config.affinity`

Required:

- `node_affinity` (Map of String) Same as the 'spec.affinity.nodeAffinity' field on the Pod, see the [Kubernetes docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node)
- `pod_affinity` (Map of String) Same as the 'spec.affinity.podAffinity' field on the Pod, see the [Kubernetes docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node)
- `pod_anti_affinity` (Map of String) Same as the 'spec.affinity.podAntiAffinity' field on the Pod, see the [Kubernetes docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node)

Optional:

- `node_selector` (Map of String) Simple key-value pairs forming a nodeSelector, see the [Kubernetes docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--nodes--config--logging"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.nodes.config.logging`

Optional:

- `containers` (Attributes) Log configuration per container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--nodes--config--logging--containers))
- `enable_vector_agent` (Boolean) Wether or not to deploy a container with the Vector log agent.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--nodes--config--logging--containers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.nodes.config.logging.containers`

Optional:

- `console` (Attributes) Configuration for the console appender (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--nodes--config--logging--containers--console))
- `custom` (Attributes) Custom log configuration provided in a ConfigMap (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--nodes--config--logging--containers--custom))
- `file` (Attributes) Configuration for the file appender (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--nodes--config--logging--containers--file))
- `loggers` (Attributes) Configuration per logger (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--nodes--config--logging--containers--loggers))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--nodes--config--logging--containers--console"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.nodes.config.logging.containers.console`

Optional:

- `level` (String) The log level threshold. Log events with a lower log level are discarded.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--nodes--config--logging--containers--custom"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.nodes.config.logging.containers.custom`

Optional:

- `config_map` (String) ConfigMap containing the log configuration files


<a id="nestedatt--spec--nodes--config--logging--containers--file"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.nodes.config.logging.containers.file`

Optional:

- `level` (String) The log level threshold. Log events with a lower log level are discarded.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--nodes--config--logging--containers--loggers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.nodes.config.logging.containers.loggers`

Optional:

- `level` (String) The log level threshold. Log events with a lower log level are discarded.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--nodes--config--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.nodes.config.resources`

Optional:

- `cpu` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--nodes--config--resources--cpu))
- `memory` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--nodes--config--resources--memory))
- `storage` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--nodes--config--resources--cpu"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.nodes.config.resources.cpu`

Optional:

- `max` (String) The maximum amount of CPU cores that can be requested by Pods. Equivalent to the 'limit' for Pod resource configuration. Cores are specified either as a decimal point number or as milli units. For example:'1.5' will be 1.5 cores, also written as '1500m'.
- `min` (String) The minimal amount of CPU cores that Pods need to run. Equivalent to the 'request' for Pod resource configuration. Cores are specified either as a decimal point number or as milli units. For example:'1.5' will be 1.5 cores, also written as '1500m'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--nodes--config--resources--memory"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.nodes.config.resources.memory`

Optional:

- `limit` (String) The maximum amount of memory that should be available to the Pod. Specified as a byte [Quantity](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/common-definitions/quantity/), which means these suffixes are supported: E, P, T, G, M, k. You can also use the power-of-two equivalents: Ei, Pi, Ti, Gi, Mi, Ki. For example, the following represent roughly the same value: '128974848, 129e6, 129M, 128974848000m, 123Mi'
- `runtime_limits` (Map of String) Additional options that can be specified.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--nodes--role_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.nodes.role_config`

Optional:

- `pod_disruption_budget` (Attributes) This struct is used to configure: 1. If PodDisruptionBudgets are created by the operator 2. The allowed number of Pods to be unavailable ('maxUnavailable') Learn more in the [allowed Pod disruptions documentation](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/concepts/operations/pod_disruptions). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--nodes--role_config--pod_disruption_budget))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--nodes--role_config--pod_disruption_budget"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.nodes.role_config.pod_disruption_budget`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether a PodDisruptionBudget should be written out for this role. Disabling this enables you to specify your own - custom - one. Defaults to true.
- `max_unavailable` (Number) The number of Pods that are allowed to be down because of voluntary disruptions. If you don't explicitly set this, the operator will use a sane default based upon knowledge about the individual product.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_config`

Optional:

- `listener_class` (String) This field controls which type of Service the Operator creates for this HistoryServer: * cluster-internal: Use a ClusterIP service * external-unstable: Use a NodePort service * external-stable: Use a LoadBalancer service This is a temporary solution with the goal to keep yaml manifests forward compatible. In the future, this setting will control which ListenerClass <https://docs.stackable.tech/home/stable/listener-operator/listenerclass.html> will be used to expose the service, and ListenerClass names will stay the same, allowing for a non-breaking change.
