---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_sqs_services_k8s_aws_queue_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "sqs.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  Queue is the Schema for the Queues API
---

# k8s_sqs_services_k8s_aws_queue_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

Queue is the Schema for the Queues API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_sqs_services_k8s_aws_queue_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) QueueSpec defines the desired state of Queue. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `queue_name` (String)

Optional:

- `content_based_deduplication` (String)
- `delay_seconds` (String)
- `fifo_queue` (String)
- `kms_data_key_reuse_period_seconds` (String)
- `kms_master_key_id` (String)
- `kms_master_key_ref` (Attributes) AWSResourceReferenceWrapper provides a wrapper around *AWSResourceReferencetype to provide more user friendly syntax for references using 'from' fieldEx:APIIDRef:	from:	  name: my-api (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--kms_master_key_ref))
- `maximum_message_size` (String)
- `message_retention_period` (String)
- `policy` (String)
- `policy_ref` (Attributes) AWSResourceReferenceWrapper provides a wrapper around *AWSResourceReferencetype to provide more user friendly syntax for references using 'from' fieldEx:APIIDRef:	from:	  name: my-api (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--policy_ref))
- `receive_message_wait_time_seconds` (String)
- `redrive_allow_policy` (String)
- `redrive_policy` (String)
- `tags` (Map of String) Add cost allocation tags to the specified Amazon SQS queue. For an overview,see Tagging Your Amazon SQS Queues (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/SQSDeveloperGuide/sqs-queue-tags.html)in the Amazon SQS Developer Guide.When you use queue tags, keep the following guidelines in mind:   * Adding more than 50 tags to a queue isn't recommended.   * Tags don't have any semantic meaning. Amazon SQS interprets tags as   character strings.   * Tags are case-sensitive.   * A new tag with a key identical to that of an existing tag overwrites   the existing tag.For a full list of tag restrictions, see Quotas related to queues (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/SQSDeveloperGuide/sqs-limits.html#limits-queues)in the Amazon SQS Developer Guide.To be able to tag a queue on creation, you must have the sqs:CreateQueueand sqs:TagQueue permissions.Cross-account permissions don't apply to this action. For more information,see Grant cross-account permissions to a role and a username (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/SQSDeveloperGuide/sqs-customer-managed-policy-examples.html#grant-cross-account-permissions-to-role-and-user-name)in the Amazon SQS Developer Guide.
- `visibility_timeout` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--kms_master_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.kms_master_key_ref`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference anotherk8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--kms_master_key_ref--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--kms_master_key_ref--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.kms_master_key_ref.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--policy_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.policy_ref`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference anotherk8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--policy_ref--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--policy_ref--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.policy_ref.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)
