---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_sriovnetwork_openshift_io_sriov_network_node_policy_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "sriovnetwork.openshift.io"
description: |-
  SriovNetworkNodePolicy is the Schema for the sriovnetworknodepolicies API
---

# k8s_sriovnetwork_openshift_io_sriov_network_node_policy_v1_manifest (Data Source)

SriovNetworkNodePolicy is the Schema for the sriovnetworknodepolicies API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_sriovnetwork_openshift_io_sriov_network_node_policy_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) SriovNetworkNodePolicySpec defines the desired state of SriovNetworkNodePolicy (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `nic_selector` (Attributes) NicSelector selects the NICs to be configured (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--nic_selector))
- `node_selector` (Map of String) NodeSelector selects the nodes to be configured
- `num_vfs` (Number) Number of VFs for each PF
- `resource_name` (String) SRIOV Network device plugin endpoint resource name

Optional:

- `bridge` (Attributes) contains bridge configuration for matching PFs, valid only for eSwitchMode==switchdev (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--bridge))
- `device_type` (String) The driver type for configured VFs. Allowed value 'netdevice', 'vfio-pci'. Defaults to netdevice.
- `e_switch_mode` (String) NIC Device Mode. Allowed value 'legacy','switchdev'.
- `exclude_topology` (Boolean) Exclude device's NUMA node when advertising this resource by SRIOV network device plugin. Default to false.
- `externally_managed` (Boolean) don't create the virtual function only allocated them to the device plugin. Defaults to false.
- `is_rdma` (Boolean) RDMA mode. Defaults to false.
- `link_type` (String) NIC Link Type. Allowed value 'eth', 'ETH', 'ib', and 'IB'.
- `mtu` (Number) MTU of VF
- `need_vhost_net` (Boolean) mount vhost-net device. Defaults to false.
- `priority` (Number) Priority of the policy, higher priority policies can override lower ones.
- `vdpa_type` (String) VDPA device type. Allowed value 'virtio', 'vhost'

<a id="nestedatt--spec--nic_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.nic_selector`

Optional:

- `device_id` (String) The device hex code of SR-IoV device. Allowed value '0d58', '1572', '158b', '1013', '1015', '1017', '101b'.
- `net_filter` (String) Infrastructure Networking selection filter. Allowed value 'openstack/NetworkID:xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx'
- `pf_names` (List of String) Name of SR-IoV PF.
- `root_devices` (List of String) PCI address of SR-IoV PF.
- `vendor` (String) The vendor hex code of SR-IoV device. Allowed value '8086', '15b3'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--bridge"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.bridge`

Optional:

- `ovs` (Attributes) contains configuration for the OVS bridge, (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--bridge--ovs))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--bridge--ovs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.bridge.ovs`

Optional:

- `bridge` (Attributes) contains bridge level settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--bridge--ovs--bridge))
- `uplink` (Attributes) contains settings for uplink (PF) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--bridge--ovs--uplink))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--bridge--ovs--bridge"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.bridge.ovs.bridge`

Optional:

- `datapath_type` (String) configure datapath_type field in the Bridge table in OVSDB
- `external_i_ds` (Map of String) IDs to inject to external_ids field in the Bridge table in OVSDB
- `other_config` (Map of String) additional options to inject to other_config field in the bridge table in OVSDB


<a id="nestedatt--spec--bridge--ovs--uplink"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.bridge.ovs.uplink`

Optional:

- `interface` (Attributes) contains settings for PF interface in the OVS bridge (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--bridge--ovs--uplink--interface))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--bridge--ovs--uplink--interface"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.bridge.ovs.uplink.interface`

Optional:

- `external_i_ds` (Map of String) external_ids field in the Interface table in OVSDB
- `options` (Map of String) options field in the Interface table in OVSDB
- `other_config` (Map of String) other_config field in the Interface table in OVSDB
- `type` (String) type field in the Interface table in OVSDB
