---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_sriovnetwork_openshift_io_sriov_network_node_state_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "sriovnetwork.openshift.io"
description: |-
  SriovNetworkNodeState is the Schema for the sriovnetworknodestates API
---

# k8s_sriovnetwork_openshift_io_sriov_network_node_state_v1_manifest (Data Source)

SriovNetworkNodeState is the Schema for the sriovnetworknodestates API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_sriovnetwork_openshift_io_sriov_network_node_state_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) SriovNetworkNodeStateSpec defines the desired state of SriovNetworkNodeState (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `bridges` (Attributes) Bridges contains list of bridges (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--bridges))
- `interfaces` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--interfaces))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--bridges"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.bridges`

Optional:

- `ovs` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--bridges--ovs))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--bridges--ovs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.bridges.ovs`

Required:

- `name` (String) name of the bridge

Optional:

- `bridge` (Attributes) bridge-level configuration for the bridge (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--bridges--ovs--bridge))
- `uplinks` (Attributes List) uplink-level bridge configuration for each uplink(PF). currently must contain only one element (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--bridges--ovs--uplinks))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--bridges--ovs--bridge"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.bridges.ovs.bridge`

Optional:

- `datapath_type` (String) configure datapath_type field in the Bridge table in OVSDB
- `external_i_ds` (Map of String) IDs to inject to external_ids field in the Bridge table in OVSDB
- `other_config` (Map of String) additional options to inject to other_config field in the bridge table in OVSDB


<a id="nestedatt--spec--bridges--ovs--uplinks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.bridges.ovs.uplinks`

Required:

- `pci_address` (String) pci address of the PF

Optional:

- `interface` (Attributes) configuration from the Interface OVS table for the PF (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--bridges--ovs--uplinks--interface))
- `name` (String) name of the PF interface

<a id="nestedatt--spec--bridges--ovs--uplinks--interface"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.bridges.ovs.uplinks.interface`

Optional:

- `external_i_ds` (Map of String) external_ids field in the Interface table in OVSDB
- `options` (Map of String) options field in the Interface table in OVSDB
- `other_config` (Map of String) other_config field in the Interface table in OVSDB
- `type` (String) type field in the Interface table in OVSDB





<a id="nestedatt--spec--interfaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.interfaces`

Required:

- `pci_address` (String)

Optional:

- `e_switch_mode` (String)
- `externally_managed` (Boolean)
- `link_type` (String)
- `mtu` (Number)
- `name` (String)
- `num_vfs` (Number)
- `vf_groups` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--interfaces--vf_groups))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--interfaces--vf_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.interfaces.vf_groups`

Optional:

- `device_type` (String)
- `is_rdma` (Boolean)
- `mtu` (Number)
- `policy_name` (String)
- `resource_name` (String)
- `vdpa_type` (String)
- `vf_range` (String)
