---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_sriovnetwork_openshift_io_sriov_network_pool_config_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "sriovnetwork.openshift.io"
description: |-
  SriovNetworkPoolConfig is the Schema for the sriovnetworkpoolconfigs API
---

# k8s_sriovnetwork_openshift_io_sriov_network_pool_config_v1_manifest (Data Source)

SriovNetworkPoolConfig is the Schema for the sriovnetworkpoolconfigs API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_sriovnetwork_openshift_io_sriov_network_pool_config_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) SriovNetworkPoolConfigSpec defines the desired state of SriovNetworkPoolConfig (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `max_unavailable` (String) maxUnavailable defines either an integer number or percentage of nodes in the pool that can go Unavailable during an update. A value larger than 1 will mean multiple nodes going unavailable during the update, which may affect your workload stress on the remaining nodes. Drain will respect Pod Disruption Budgets (PDBs) such as etcd quorum guards, even if maxUnavailable is greater than one.
- `node_selector` (Attributes) nodeSelector specifies a label selector for Nodes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--node_selector))
- `ovs_hardware_offload_config` (Attributes) OvsHardwareOffloadConfig describes the OVS HWOL configuration for selected Nodes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ovs_hardware_offload_config))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--node_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.node_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--node_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--node_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.node_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--ovs_hardware_offload_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ovs_hardware_offload_config`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name is mandatory and must be unique. On Kubernetes: Name is the name of OvsHardwareOffloadConfig On OpenShift: Name is the name of MachineConfigPool to be enabled with OVS hardware offload
