---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_sriovnetwork_openshift_io_ovs_network_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "sriovnetwork.openshift.io"
description: |-
  OVSNetwork is the Schema for the ovsnetworks API
---

# k8s_sriovnetwork_openshift_io_ovs_network_v1_manifest (Data Source)

OVSNetwork is the Schema for the ovsnetworks API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_sriovnetwork_openshift_io_ovs_network_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) OVSNetworkSpec defines the desired state of OVSNetwork (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `resource_name` (String) OVS Network device plugin endpoint resource name

Optional:

- `bridge` (String) name of the OVS bridge, if not set OVS will automatically select bridge based on VF PCI address
- `capabilities` (String) Capabilities to be configured for this network. Capabilities supported: (mac|ips), e.g. '{'mac': true}'
- `interface_type` (String) The type of interface on ovs.
- `ipam` (String) IPAM configuration to be used for this network.
- `meta_plugins` (String) MetaPluginsConfig configuration to be used in order to chain metaplugins
- `mtu` (Number) Mtu for the OVS port
- `network_namespace` (String) Namespace of the NetworkAttachmentDefinition custom resource
- `trunk` (Attributes List) Trunk configuration for the OVS port (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--trunk))
- `vlan` (Number) Vlan to assign for the OVS port

<a id="nestedatt--spec--trunk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.trunk`

Optional:

- `id` (Number)
- `max_id` (Number)
- `min_id` (Number)
