---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_sriovnetwork_openshift_io_sriov_operator_config_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "sriovnetwork.openshift.io"
description: |-
  SriovOperatorConfig is the Schema for the sriovoperatorconfigs API
---

# k8s_sriovnetwork_openshift_io_sriov_operator_config_v1_manifest (Data Source)

SriovOperatorConfig is the Schema for the sriovoperatorconfigs API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_sriovnetwork_openshift_io_sriov_operator_config_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) SriovOperatorConfigSpec defines the desired state of SriovOperatorConfig (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `config_daemon_node_selector` (Map of String) NodeSelector selects the nodes to be configured
- `configuration_mode` (String) Flag to enable the sriov-network-config-daemon to use a systemd service to configure SR-IOV devices on boot Default mode: daemon
- `disable_drain` (Boolean) Flag to disable nodes drain during debugging
- `disable_plugins` (List of String) DisablePlugins is a list of sriov-network-config-daemon plugins to disable
- `enable_injector` (Boolean) Flag to control whether the network resource injector webhook shall be deployed
- `enable_operator_webhook` (Boolean) Flag to control whether the operator admission controller webhook shall be deployed
- `enable_ovs_offload` (Boolean) Flag to enable OVS hardware offload. Set to 'true' to provision switchdev-configuration.service and enable OpenvSwitch hw-offload on nodes.
- `feature_gates` (Map of String) FeatureGates to enable experimental features
- `log_level` (Number) Flag to control the log verbose level of the operator. Set to '0' to show only the basic logs. And set to '2' to show all the available logs.
- `use_cdi` (Boolean) Flag to enable Container Device Interface mode for SR-IOV Network Device Plugin
