---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_storage_kubeblocks_io_storage_provider_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "storage.kubeblocks.io"
description: |-
  StorageProvider comprises specifications that provide guidance on accessing remote storage.Currently the supported access methods are via a dedicated CSI driver or the 'datasafed' tool.In case of CSI driver, the specification expounds on provisioning PVCs for that driver.As for the 'datasafed' tool, the specification provides insights on generating the necessaryconfiguration file.Deprecated since v0.9, moving to dataprotection.kubeblocks.io API group,will be removed in v0.11.
---

# k8s_storage_kubeblocks_io_storage_provider_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

StorageProvider comprises specifications that provide guidance on accessing remote storage.Currently the supported access methods are via a dedicated CSI driver or the 'datasafed' tool.In case of CSI driver, the specification expounds on provisioning PVCs for that driver.As for the 'datasafed' tool, the specification provides insights on generating the necessaryconfiguration file.Deprecated since v0.9, moving to dataprotection.kubeblocks.io API group,will be removed in v0.11.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_storage_kubeblocks_io_storage_provider_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) StorageProviderSpec defines the desired state of 'StorageProvider'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `csi_driver_name` (String) Specifies the name of the CSI driver used to access remote storage.This field can be empty, it indicates that the storage is not accessible via CSI.
- `csi_driver_secret_template` (String) A Go template that used to render and generate 'k8s.io/api/core/v1.Secret'resources for a specific CSI driver.For example, 'accessKey' and 'secretKey' needed by CSI-S3 are stored in this'Secret' resource.
- `datasafed_config_template` (String) A Go template used to render and generate 'k8s.io/api/core/v1.Secret'.This 'Secret' involves the configuration details required by the 'datasafed' toolto access remote storage. For example, the 'Secret' should contain 'endpoint','bucket', 'region', 'accessKey', 'secretKey', or something else for S3 storage.This field can be empty, it means this kind of storage is not accessible viathe 'datasafed' tool.
- `parameters_schema` (Attributes) Describes the parameters required for storage.The parameters defined here can be referenced in the above templates,and 'kbcli' uses this definition for dynamic command-line parameter parsing. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--parameters_schema))
- `persistent_volume_claim_template` (String) A Go template that renders and generates 'k8s.io/api/core/v1.PersistentVolumeClaim'resources. This PVC can reference the 'StorageClass' created from 'storageClassTemplate',allowing Pods to access remote storage by mounting the PVC.
- `storage_class_template` (String) A Go template utilized to render and generate 'kubernetes.storage.k8s.io.v1.StorageClass'resources. The 'StorageClass' created by this template is aimed at using the CSI driver.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--parameters_schema"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.parameters_schema`

Optional:

- `credential_fields` (List of String) Defines which parameters are credential fields, which need to be handled specifically.For instance, these should be stored in a 'Secret' instead of a 'ConfigMap'.
- `open_apiv3_schema` (Map of String) Defines the parameters in OpenAPI V3.
