---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_storage_k8s_io_storage_class_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "storage.k8s.io"
description: |-
  StorageClass describes the parameters for a class of storage for which PersistentVolumes can be dynamically provisioned.StorageClasses are non-namespaced; the name of the storage class according to etcd is in ObjectMeta.Name.
---

# k8s_storage_k8s_io_storage_class_v1_manifest (Data Source)

StorageClass describes the parameters for a class of storage for which PersistentVolumes can be dynamically provisioned.StorageClasses are non-namespaced; the name of the storage class according to etcd is in ObjectMeta.Name.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_storage_k8s_io_storage_class_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"
  }
  k8s_provisioner = "kubernetes.io/gce-pd"
  reclaim_policy  = "Retain"
  parameters = {
    type = "pd-standard"
  }
  mount_options = ["file_mode=0700", "dir_mode=0777", "mfsymlinks", "uid=1000", "gid=1000", "nobrl", "cache=none"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `k8s_provisioner` (String) Provisioner indicates the type of the provisioner.
- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `allow_volume_expansion` (Boolean) AllowVolumeExpansion shows whether the storage class allow volume expand
- `allowed_topologies` (Attributes List) Restrict the node topologies where volumes can be dynamically provisioned. Each volume plugin defines its own supported topology specifications. An empty TopologySelectorTerm list means there is no topology restriction. This field is only honored by servers that enable the VolumeScheduling feature. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--allowed_topologies))
- `mount_options` (List of String) Dynamically provisioned PersistentVolumes of this storage class are created with these mountOptions, e.g. ['ro', 'soft']. Not validated - mount of the PVs will simply fail if one is invalid.
- `parameters` (Map of String) Parameters holds the parameters for the provisioner that should create volumes of this storage class.
- `reclaim_policy` (String) Dynamically provisioned PersistentVolumes of this storage class are created with this reclaimPolicy. Defaults to Delete.
- `volume_binding_mode` (String) VolumeBindingMode indicates how PersistentVolumeClaims should be provisioned and bound.  When unset, VolumeBindingImmediate is used. This field is only honored by servers that enable the VolumeScheduling feature.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--allowed_topologies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allowed_topologies`

Optional:

- `match_label_expressions` (Attributes List) A list of topology selector requirements by labels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--allowed_topologies--match_label_expressions))

<a id="nestedatt--allowed_topologies--match_label_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allowed_topologies.match_label_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. One value must match the label to be selected. Each entry in Values is ORed.
