---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_stunner_l7mp_io_gateway_config_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "stunner.l7mp.io"
description: |-
  GatewayConfig is the Schema for the gatewayconfigs API
---

# k8s_stunner_l7mp_io_gateway_config_v1_manifest (Data Source)

GatewayConfig is the Schema for the gatewayconfigs API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_stunner_l7mp_io_gateway_config_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) GatewayConfigSpec defines the desired state of GatewayConfig (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `auth_lifetime` (Number) AuthLifetime defines the lifetime of 'longterm' authentication credentials in seconds.
- `auth_ref` (Attributes) Note that externally set credentials override any inline auth credentials (AuthType, AuthUsername, etc.): if AuthRef is nonempty then it is expected that the referenced Secret exists and *all* authentication credentials are correctly set in the referenced Secret (username/password or shared secret). Mixing of credential sources (inline/external) is not supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--auth_ref))
- `auth_type` (String) AuthType is the type of the STUN/TURN authentication mechanism.
- `dataplane` (String) Dataplane defines the dataplane (stunnerd image, version, etc) for STUNner gateways using this GatewayConfig.
- `load_balancer_service_annotations` (Map of String) LoadBalancerServiceAnnotations is a list of annotations that will go into the LoadBalancer services created automatically by the operator to wrap Gateways.  NOTE: removing annotations from a GatewayConfig will not result in the removal of the corresponding annotations from the LoadBalancer service, in order to prevent the accidental removal of an annotation installed there by Kubernetes or the cloud provider. If you really want to remove an annotation, do this manually or simply remove all Gateways (which will remove the corresponding LoadBalancer services), update the GatewayConfig and then recreate the Gateways, so that the newly created LoadBalancer services will contain the required annotations.
- `log_level` (String) LogLevel specifies the default loglevel for the STUNner daemon.
- `password` (String) Password defines the 'password' credential for 'plaintext' authentication.
- `realm` (String) Realm defines the STUN/TURN authentication realm to be used for clients toauthenticate with STUNner.  The realm must consist of lower case alphanumeric characters or '-', and must start and end with an alphanumeric character. No other punctuation is allowed.
- `shared_secret` (String) SharedSecret defines the shared secret to be used for 'longterm' authentication.
- `user_name` (String) Username defines the 'username' credential for 'plaintext' authentication.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--auth_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.auth_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the referent.

Optional:

- `group` (String) Group is the group of the referent. For example, 'gateway.networking.k8s.io'. When unspecified or empty string, core API group is inferred.
- `kind` (String) Kind is kind of the referent. For example 'Secret'.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of the referenced object. When unspecified, the local namespace is inferred.  Note that when a namespace different than the local namespace is specified, a ReferenceGrant object is required in the referent namespace to allow that namespace's owner to accept the reference. See the ReferenceGrant documentation for details.  Support: Core
