---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_submariner_io_submariner_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "submariner.io"
description: |-
  Submariner is the Schema for the submariners API.
---

# k8s_submariner_io_submariner_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

Submariner is the Schema for the submariners API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_submariner_io_submariner_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) SubmarinerSpec defines the desired state of Submariner. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `broker` (String) Type of broker (must be 'k8s').
- `broker_k8s_api_server` (String) The broker API URL.
- `broker_k8s_remote_namespace` (String) The Broker namespace.
- `ce_ip_sec_debug` (Boolean) Enable logging IPsec debugging information.
- `cluster_cidr` (String) The cluster CIDR.
- `cluster_id` (String) The cluster ID used to identify the tunnels.
- `debug` (Boolean) Enable operator debugging.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace in which to deploy the submariner operator.
- `nat_enabled` (Boolean) Enable NAT between clusters.
- `service_cidr` (String) The service CIDR.

Optional:

- `air_gapped_deployment` (Boolean)
- `broker_k8s_api_server_token` (String) The broker API Token.
- `broker_k8s_ca` (String) The broker certificate authority.
- `broker_k8s_insecure` (Boolean)
- `broker_k8s_secret` (String)
- `cable_driver` (String) Cable driver implementation - any of [libreswan, wireguard, vxlan].
- `ce_ip_sec_force_udp_encaps` (Boolean) Force UDP encapsulation for IPsec.
- `ce_ip_sec_ike_port` (Number) The IPsec IKE port (500 usually).
- `ce_ip_sec_natt_port` (Number) The IPsec NAT traversal port (4500 usually).
- `ce_ip_sec_preferred_server` (Boolean) Enable this cluster as a preferred server for data-plane connections.
- `ce_ip_sec_psk` (String) The IPsec Pre-Shared Key which must be identical in all route agents across the cluster.
- `ce_ip_sec_psk_secret` (String)
- `clusterset_ip_enabled` (Boolean) Enable ClustersetIP default for services exported on this cluster.
- `clusterset_ipcidr` (String) ClustersetIP CIDR for allocating ClustersetIPs to exported services.
- `color_codes` (String)
- `connection_health_check` (Attributes) The gateway connection health check. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--connection_health_check))
- `core_dns_custom_config` (Attributes) Name of the custom CoreDNS configmap to configure forwarding to Lighthouse. It should be in <namespace>/<name> format where <namespace> is optional and defaults to kube-system. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--core_dns_custom_config))
- `custom_domains` (List of String) List of domains to use for multi-cluster service discovery.
- `global_cidr` (String) The Global CIDR super-net range for allocating GlobalCIDRs to each cluster.
- `halt_on_certificate_error` (Boolean) Halt on certificate error (so the pod gets restarted).
- `image_overrides` (Map of String) Override component images.
- `load_balancer_enabled` (Boolean) Enable automatic Load Balancer in front of the gateways.
- `node_selector` (Map of String)
- `repository` (String) The image repository.
- `service_discovery_enabled` (Boolean) Enable support for Service Discovery (Lighthouse).
- `tolerations` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tolerations))
- `version` (String) The image tag.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--connection_health_check"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.connection_health_check`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable the connection health check.
- `interval_seconds` (Number) The interval at which health check pings are sent.
- `max_packet_loss_count` (Number) The maximum number of packets lost at which the health checker will mark the connection as down.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--core_dns_custom_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.core_dns_custom_config`

Optional:

- `config_map_name` (String) Name of the custom CoreDNS configmap.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the custom CoreDNS configmap.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tolerations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tolerations`

Optional:

- `effect` (String) Effect indicates the taint effect to match. Empty means match all taint effects. When specified, allowed values are NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Key is the taint key that the toleration applies to. Empty means match all taint keys. If the key is empty, operator must be Exists; this combination means to match all values and all keys.
- `operator` (String) Operator represents a key's relationship to the value. Valid operators are Exists and Equal. Defaults to Equal. Exists is equivalent to wildcard for value, so that a pod can tolerate all taints of a particular category.
- `toleration_seconds` (Number) TolerationSeconds represents the period of time the toleration (which must be of effect NoExecute, otherwise this field is ignored) tolerates the taint. By default, it is not set, which means tolerate the taint forever (do not evict). Zero and negative values will be treated as 0 (evict immediately) by the system.
- `value` (String) Value is the taint value the toleration matches to. If the operator is Exists, the value should be empty, otherwise just a regular string.
