---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_telemetry_istio_io_telemetry_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "telemetry.istio.io"
description: |-
  
---

# k8s_telemetry_istio_io_telemetry_v1_manifest (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_telemetry_istio_io_telemetry_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) Telemetry configuration for workloads. See more details at: https://istio.io/docs/reference/config/telemetry.html (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `access_logging` (Attributes List) Optional. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--access_logging))
- `metrics` (Attributes List) Optional. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--metrics))
- `selector` (Attributes) Optional. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--selector))
- `target_ref` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--target_ref))
- `target_refs` (Attributes List) Optional. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--target_refs))
- `tracing` (Attributes List) Optional. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tracing))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--access_logging"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.access_logging`

Optional:

- `disabled` (Boolean) Controls logging.
- `filter` (Attributes) Optional. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--access_logging--filter))
- `match` (Attributes) Allows tailoring of logging behavior to specific conditions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--access_logging--match))
- `providers` (Attributes List) Optional. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--access_logging--providers))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--access_logging--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.access_logging.filter`

Optional:

- `expression` (String) CEL expression for selecting when requests/connections should be logged.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--access_logging--match"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.access_logging.match`

Optional:

- `mode` (String) This determines whether or not to apply the access logging configuration based on the direction of traffic relative to the proxied workload.Valid Options: CLIENT_AND_SERVER, CLIENT, SERVER


<a id="nestedatt--spec--access_logging--providers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.access_logging.providers`

Required:

- `name` (String) Required.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--metrics"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metrics`

Optional:

- `overrides` (Attributes List) Optional. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--metrics--overrides))
- `providers` (Attributes List) Optional. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--metrics--providers))
- `reporting_interval` (String) Optional.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--metrics--overrides"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metrics.overrides`

Optional:

- `disabled` (Boolean) Optional.
- `match` (Attributes) Match allows providing the scope of the override. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--metrics--overrides--match))
- `tag_overrides` (Attributes) Optional. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--metrics--overrides--tag_overrides))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--metrics--overrides--match"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metrics.overrides.match`

Optional:

- `custom_metric` (String) Allows free-form specification of a metric.
- `metric` (String) One of the well-known [Istio Standard Metrics](https://istio.io/latest/docs/reference/config/metrics/).Valid Options: ALL_METRICS, REQUEST_COUNT, REQUEST_DURATION, REQUEST_SIZE, RESPONSE_SIZE, TCP_OPENED_CONNECTIONS, TCP_CLOSED_CONNECTIONS, TCP_SENT_BYTES, TCP_RECEIVED_BYTES, GRPC_REQUEST_MESSAGES, GRPC_RESPONSE_MESSAGES
- `mode` (String) Controls which mode of metrics generation is selected: 'CLIENT', 'SERVER', or 'CLIENT_AND_SERVER'.Valid Options: CLIENT_AND_SERVER, CLIENT, SERVER


<a id="nestedatt--spec--metrics--overrides--tag_overrides"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metrics.overrides.tag_overrides`

Optional:

- `operation` (String) Operation controls whether or not to update/add a tag, or to remove it.Valid Options: UPSERT, REMOVE
- `value` (String) Value is only considered if the operation is 'UPSERT'.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--metrics--providers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metrics.providers`

Required:

- `name` (String) Required.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.selector`

Optional:

- `match_labels` (Map of String) One or more labels that indicate a specific set of pods/VMs on which a policy should be applied.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--target_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.target_ref`

Optional:

- `group` (String) group is the group of the target resource.
- `kind` (String) kind is kind of the target resource.
- `name` (String) name is the name of the target resource.
- `namespace` (String) namespace is the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--target_refs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.target_refs`

Optional:

- `group` (String) group is the group of the target resource.
- `kind` (String) kind is kind of the target resource.
- `name` (String) name is the name of the target resource.
- `namespace` (String) namespace is the namespace of the referent.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tracing"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tracing`

Optional:

- `custom_tags` (Attributes) Optional. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tracing--custom_tags))
- `disable_span_reporting` (Boolean) Controls span reporting.
- `match` (Attributes) Allows tailoring of behavior to specific conditions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tracing--match))
- `providers` (Attributes List) Optional. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tracing--providers))
- `random_sampling_percentage` (Number) Controls the rate at which traffic will be selected for tracing if no prior sampling decision has been made.
- `use_request_id_for_trace_sampling` (Boolean)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--tracing--custom_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tracing.custom_tags`

Optional:

- `environment` (Attributes) Environment adds the value of an environment variable to each span. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tracing--custom_tags--environment))
- `header` (Attributes) RequestHeader adds the value of an header from the request to each span. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tracing--custom_tags--header))
- `literal` (Attributes) Literal adds the same, hard-coded value to each span. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tracing--custom_tags--literal))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--tracing--custom_tags--environment"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tracing.custom_tags.environment`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the environment variable from which to extract the tag value.

Optional:

- `default_value` (String) Optional.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tracing--custom_tags--header"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tracing.custom_tags.header`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the header from which to extract the tag value.

Optional:

- `default_value` (String) Optional.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tracing--custom_tags--literal"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tracing.custom_tags.literal`

Required:

- `value` (String) The tag value to use.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--tracing--match"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tracing.match`

Optional:

- `mode` (String) This determines whether or not to apply the tracing configuration based on the direction of traffic relative to the proxied workload.Valid Options: CLIENT_AND_SERVER, CLIENT, SERVER


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tracing--providers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tracing.providers`

Required:

- `name` (String) Required.
