---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_temporal_io_temporal_namespace_v1beta1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "temporal.io"
description: |-
  A TemporalNamespace creates a namespace in the targeted temporal cluster.
---

# k8s_temporal_io_temporal_namespace_v1beta1_manifest (Data Source)

A TemporalNamespace creates a namespace in the targeted temporal cluster.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_temporal_io_temporal_namespace_v1beta1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) TemporalNamespaceSpec defines the desired state of Namespace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `cluster_ref` (Attributes) Reference to the temporal cluster the namespace will be created. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_ref))
- `retention_period` (String) RetentionPeriod to apply on closed workflow executions.

Optional:

- `active_cluster_name` (String) The name of active Temporal Cluster. Only applicable if the namespace is a global namespace.
- `allow_deletion` (Boolean) AllowDeletion makes the controller delete the Temporal namespace if the CRD is deleted.
- `archival` (Attributes) Archival is a per-namespace archival configuration. If not set, the default cluster configuration is used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--archival))
- `clusters` (List of String) List of clusters names to which the namespace can fail over. Only applicable if the namespace is a global namespace.
- `data` (Map of String) Data is a key-value map for any customized purpose.
- `description` (String) Namespace description.
- `is_global_namespace` (Boolean) IsGlobalNamespace defines whether the namespace is a global namespace.
- `owner_email` (String) Namespace owner email.
- `security_token` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The name of the TemporalCluster to reference.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the TemporalCluster to reference. Defaults to the namespace of the requested resource if omitted.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--archival"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.archival`

Optional:

- `history` (Attributes) History is the config for this namespace history archival. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--archival--history))
- `visibility` (Attributes) Visibility is the config for this namespace visibility archival. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--archival--visibility))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--archival--history"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.archival.history`

Required:

- `enable_read` (Boolean) EnableRead allows temporal to read from the archived Event History.
- `path` (String) Path is ...
- `paused` (Boolean) Paused defines if the archival is paused.

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled defines if the archival is enabled by default for all namespaces or for a particular namespace (depends if it's for a TemporalCluster or a TemporalNamespace).


<a id="nestedatt--spec--archival--visibility"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.archival.visibility`

Required:

- `enable_read` (Boolean) EnableRead allows temporal to read from the archived Event History.
- `path` (String) Path is ...
- `paused` (Boolean) Paused defines if the archival is paused.

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled defines if the archival is enabled by default for all namespaces or for a particular namespace (depends if it's for a TemporalCluster or a TemporalNamespace).
