---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_tempo_grafana_com_tempo_stack_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "tempo.grafana.com"
description: |-
  TempoStack manages a Tempo deployment in microservices mode.
---

# k8s_tempo_grafana_com_tempo_stack_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

TempoStack manages a Tempo deployment in microservices mode.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_tempo_grafana_com_tempo_stack_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) TempoStackSpec defines the desired state of TempoStack. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `storage` (Attributes) Storage defines the spec for the object storage endpoint to store traces. User is required to create secret and supply it. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage))

Optional:

- `extra_config` (Attributes) ExtraConfigSpec defines extra configurations for tempo that will be merged with the operator generated, configurations defined here has precedence and could override generated config. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--extra_config))
- `hash_ring` (Attributes) HashRing defines the spec for the distributed hash ring configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--hash_ring))
- `images` (Attributes) Images defines the image for each container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--images))
- `limits` (Attributes) LimitSpec is used to limit ingestion and querying rates. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--limits))
- `management_state` (String) ManagementState defines if the CR should be managed by the operator or not. Default is managed.
- `observability` (Attributes) ObservabilitySpec defines how telemetry data gets handled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--observability))
- `replication_factor` (Number) ReplicationFactor is used to define how many component replicas should exist.
- `resources` (Attributes) Resources defines resources configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources))
- `retention` (Attributes) NOTE: currently this field is not considered. Retention period defined by dataset. User can specify how long data should be stored. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--retention))
- `search` (Attributes) SearchSpec control the configuration for the search capabilities. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--search))
- `service_account` (String) ServiceAccount defines the service account to use for all tempo components.
- `storage_class_name` (String) StorageClassName for PVCs used by ingester. Defaults to nil (default storage class in the cluster).
- `storage_size` (String) StorageSize for PVCs used by ingester. Defaults to 10Gi.
- `template` (Attributes) Template defines requirements for a set of tempo components. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template))
- `tenants` (Attributes) Tenants defines the per-tenant authentication and authorization spec. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tenants))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage`

Required:

- `secret` (Attributes) Secret for object storage authentication. Name of a secret in the same namespace as the TempoStack custom resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--secret))

Optional:

- `tls` (Attributes) TLS configuration for reaching the object storage endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--tls))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.secret`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of a secret in the namespace configured for object storage secrets.
- `type` (String) Type of object storage that should be used


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.tls`

Optional:

- `ca_name` (String) CA is the name of a ConfigMap containing a CA certificate (service-ca.crt). It needs to be in the same namespace as the Tempo custom resource.
- `cert_name` (String) Cert is the name of a Secret containing a certificate (tls.crt) and private key (tls.key). It needs to be in the same namespace as the Tempo custom resource.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled defines if TLS is enabled.
- `min_version` (String) MinVersion defines the minimum acceptable TLS version.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--extra_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.extra_config`

Optional:

- `tempo` (Map of String) Tempo defines any extra Tempo configuration, which will be merged with the operator's generated Tempo configuration


<a id="nestedatt--spec--hash_ring"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.hash_ring`

Optional:

- `memberlist` (Attributes) MemberList configuration spec (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--hash_ring--memberlist))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--hash_ring--memberlist"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.hash_ring.memberlist`

Optional:

- `enable_i_pv6` (Boolean) EnableIPv6 enables IPv6 support for the memberlist based hash ring.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--images"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.images`

Optional:

- `tempo` (String) Tempo defines the tempo container image.
- `tempo_gateway` (String) TempoGateway defines the tempo-gateway container image.
- `tempo_gateway_opa` (String) TempoGatewayOpa defines the OPA sidecar container for TempoGateway.
- `tempo_query` (String) TempoQuery defines the tempo-query container image.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--limits"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.limits`

Optional:

- `global` (Attributes) Global is used to define global rate limits. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--limits--global))
- `per_tenant` (Attributes) PerTenant is used to define rate limits per tenant. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--limits--per_tenant))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--limits--global"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.limits.global`

Optional:

- `ingestion` (Attributes) Ingestion is used to define ingestion rate limits. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--limits--global--ingestion))
- `query` (Attributes) Query is used to define query rate limits. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--limits--global--query))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--limits--global--ingestion"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.limits.global.query`

Optional:

- `ingestion_burst_size_bytes` (Number) IngestionBurstSizeBytes defines the burst size (bytes) used in ingestion.
- `ingestion_rate_limit_bytes` (Number) IngestionRateLimitBytes defines the Per-user ingestion rate limit (bytes) used in ingestion.
- `max_bytes_per_trace` (Number) MaxBytesPerTrace defines the maximum number of bytes of an acceptable trace.
- `max_traces_per_user` (Number) MaxTracesPerUser defines the maximum number of traces a user can send.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--limits--global--query"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.limits.global.query`

Optional:

- `max_bytes_per_tag_values` (Number) MaxBytesPerTagValues defines the maximum size in bytes of a tag-values query.
- `max_search_bytes_per_trace` (Number) DEPRECATED. MaxSearchBytesPerTrace defines the maximum size of search data for a single trace in bytes. default: '0' to disable.
- `max_search_duration` (String) MaxSearchDuration defines the maximum allowed time range for a search. If this value is not set, then spec.search.maxDuration is used.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--limits--per_tenant"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.limits.per_tenant`

Optional:

- `ingestion` (Attributes) Ingestion is used to define ingestion rate limits. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--limits--per_tenant--ingestion))
- `query` (Attributes) Query is used to define query rate limits. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--limits--per_tenant--query))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--limits--per_tenant--ingestion"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.limits.per_tenant.query`

Optional:

- `ingestion_burst_size_bytes` (Number) IngestionBurstSizeBytes defines the burst size (bytes) used in ingestion.
- `ingestion_rate_limit_bytes` (Number) IngestionRateLimitBytes defines the Per-user ingestion rate limit (bytes) used in ingestion.
- `max_bytes_per_trace` (Number) MaxBytesPerTrace defines the maximum number of bytes of an acceptable trace.
- `max_traces_per_user` (Number) MaxTracesPerUser defines the maximum number of traces a user can send.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--limits--per_tenant--query"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.limits.per_tenant.query`

Optional:

- `max_bytes_per_tag_values` (Number) MaxBytesPerTagValues defines the maximum size in bytes of a tag-values query.
- `max_search_bytes_per_trace` (Number) DEPRECATED. MaxSearchBytesPerTrace defines the maximum size of search data for a single trace in bytes. default: '0' to disable.
- `max_search_duration` (String) MaxSearchDuration defines the maximum allowed time range for a search. If this value is not set, then spec.search.maxDuration is used.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--observability"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.observability`

Optional:

- `grafana` (Attributes) Grafana defines the Grafana configuration for operands. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--observability--grafana))
- `metrics` (Attributes) Metrics defines the metrics configuration for operands. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--observability--metrics))
- `tracing` (Attributes) Tracing defines a config for operands. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--observability--tracing))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--observability--grafana"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.observability.grafana`

Optional:

- `create_datasource` (Boolean) CreateDatasource specifies if a Grafana Datasource should be created for Tempo.
- `instance_selector` (Attributes) InstanceSelector specifies the Grafana instance where the datasource should be created. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--observability--grafana--instance_selector))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--observability--grafana--instance_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.observability.grafana.instance_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--observability--grafana--instance_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--observability--grafana--instance_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.observability.grafana.instance_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--observability--metrics"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.observability.metrics`

Optional:

- `create_prometheus_rules` (Boolean) CreatePrometheusRules specifies if Prometheus rules for alerts should be created for Tempo components.
- `create_service_monitors` (Boolean) CreateServiceMonitors specifies if ServiceMonitors should be created for Tempo components.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--observability--tracing"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.observability.tracing`

Optional:

- `jaeger_agent_endpoint` (String) JaegerAgentEndpoint defines the jaeger endpoint data gets send to.
- `sampling_fraction` (String) SamplingFraction defines the sampling ratio. Valid values are 0 to 1.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources`

Optional:

- `total` (Attributes) The total amount of resources for Tempo instance. The operator autonomously splits resources between deployed Tempo components. Only limits are supported, the operator calculates requests automatically. See http://github.com/grafana/tempo/issues/1540. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources--total))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources--total"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources.total`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims, that are used by this container.  This is an alpha field and requires enabling the DynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.  This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources--total--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources--total--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources.total.requests`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims of the Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource available inside a container.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--retention"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.retention`

Optional:

- `global` (Attributes) Global is used to configure global retention. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--retention--global))
- `per_tenant` (Attributes) PerTenant is used to configure retention per tenant. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--retention--per_tenant))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--retention--global"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.retention.global`

Optional:

- `traces` (String) Traces defines retention period. Supported parameter suffixes are 's', 'm' and 'h'. example: 336h default: value is 48h.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--retention--per_tenant"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.retention.per_tenant`

Optional:

- `traces` (String) Traces defines retention period. Supported parameter suffixes are 's', 'm' and 'h'. example: 336h default: value is 48h.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--search"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.search`

Optional:

- `default_result_limit` (Number) Limit used for search requests if none is set by the caller (default: 20)
- `max_duration` (String) The maximum allowed time range for a search, default: 0s which means unlimited.
- `max_result_limit` (Number) The maximum allowed value of the limit parameter on search requests. If the search request limit parameter exceeds the value configured here it will be set to the value configured here. The default value of 0 disables this limit.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template`

Optional:

- `compactor` (Attributes) Compactor defines the tempo compactor component spec. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--compactor))
- `distributor` (Attributes) Distributor defines the distributor component spec. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--distributor))
- `gateway` (Attributes) Gateway defines the tempo gateway spec. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--gateway))
- `ingester` (Attributes) Ingester defines the ingester component spec. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--ingester))
- `querier` (Attributes) Querier defines the querier component spec. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--querier))
- `query_frontend` (Attributes) TempoQueryFrontendSpec defines the query frontend spec. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--query_frontend))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--compactor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.compactor`

Optional:

- `node_selector` (Map of String) NodeSelector defines the simple form of the node-selection constraint.
- `replicas` (Number) Replicas defines the number of replicas to be created for this component.
- `resources` (Attributes) Resources defines resources for this component, this will override the calculated resources derived from total (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--compactor--resources))
- `tolerations` (Attributes List) Tolerations defines component-specific pod tolerations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--compactor--tolerations))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--compactor--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.compactor.tolerations`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims, that are used by this container.  This is an alpha field and requires enabling the DynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.  This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--compactor--tolerations--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--compactor--tolerations--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.compactor.tolerations.claims`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims of the Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource available inside a container.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--compactor--tolerations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.compactor.tolerations`

Optional:

- `effect` (String) Effect indicates the taint effect to match. Empty means match all taint effects. When specified, allowed values are NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Key is the taint key that the toleration applies to. Empty means match all taint keys. If the key is empty, operator must be Exists; this combination means to match all values and all keys.
- `operator` (String) Operator represents a key's relationship to the value. Valid operators are Exists and Equal. Defaults to Equal. Exists is equivalent to wildcard for value, so that a pod can tolerate all taints of a particular category.
- `toleration_seconds` (Number) TolerationSeconds represents the period of time the toleration (which must be of effect NoExecute, otherwise this field is ignored) tolerates the taint. By default, it is not set, which means tolerate the taint forever (do not evict). Zero and negative values will be treated as 0 (evict immediately) by the system.
- `value` (String) Value is the taint value the toleration matches to. If the operator is Exists, the value should be empty, otherwise just a regular string.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--distributor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.distributor`

Optional:

- `component` (Attributes) TempoComponentSpec is embedded to extend this definition with further options.  Currently, there is no way to inline this field. See: https://github.com/golang/go/issues/6213 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--distributor--component))
- `tls` (Attributes) TLS defines TLS configuration for distributor receivers (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--distributor--tls))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--distributor--component"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.distributor.tls`

Optional:

- `node_selector` (Map of String) NodeSelector defines the simple form of the node-selection constraint.
- `replicas` (Number) Replicas defines the number of replicas to be created for this component.
- `resources` (Attributes) Resources defines resources for this component, this will override the calculated resources derived from total (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--distributor--tls--resources))
- `tolerations` (Attributes List) Tolerations defines component-specific pod tolerations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--distributor--tls--tolerations))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--distributor--tls--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.distributor.tls.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims, that are used by this container.  This is an alpha field and requires enabling the DynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.  This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--distributor--tls--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--distributor--tls--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.distributor.tls.resources.requests`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims of the Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource available inside a container.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--distributor--tls--tolerations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.distributor.tls.tolerations`

Optional:

- `effect` (String) Effect indicates the taint effect to match. Empty means match all taint effects. When specified, allowed values are NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Key is the taint key that the toleration applies to. Empty means match all taint keys. If the key is empty, operator must be Exists; this combination means to match all values and all keys.
- `operator` (String) Operator represents a key's relationship to the value. Valid operators are Exists and Equal. Defaults to Equal. Exists is equivalent to wildcard for value, so that a pod can tolerate all taints of a particular category.
- `toleration_seconds` (Number) TolerationSeconds represents the period of time the toleration (which must be of effect NoExecute, otherwise this field is ignored) tolerates the taint. By default, it is not set, which means tolerate the taint forever (do not evict). Zero and negative values will be treated as 0 (evict immediately) by the system.
- `value` (String) Value is the taint value the toleration matches to. If the operator is Exists, the value should be empty, otherwise just a regular string.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--distributor--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.distributor.tls`

Optional:

- `ca_name` (String) CA is the name of a ConfigMap containing a CA certificate (service-ca.crt). It needs to be in the same namespace as the Tempo custom resource.
- `cert_name` (String) Cert is the name of a Secret containing a certificate (tls.crt) and private key (tls.key). It needs to be in the same namespace as the Tempo custom resource.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled defines if TLS is enabled.
- `min_version` (String) MinVersion defines the minimum acceptable TLS version.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--gateway"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.gateway`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean)

Optional:

- `component` (Attributes) TempoComponentSpec is embedded to extend this definition with further options.  Currently there is no way to inline this field. See: https://github.com/golang/go/issues/6213 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--gateway--component))
- `ingress` (Attributes) Ingress defines gateway Ingress options. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--gateway--ingress))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--gateway--component"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.gateway.ingress`

Optional:

- `node_selector` (Map of String) NodeSelector defines the simple form of the node-selection constraint.
- `replicas` (Number) Replicas defines the number of replicas to be created for this component.
- `resources` (Attributes) Resources defines resources for this component, this will override the calculated resources derived from total (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--gateway--ingress--resources))
- `tolerations` (Attributes List) Tolerations defines component-specific pod tolerations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--gateway--ingress--tolerations))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--gateway--ingress--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.gateway.ingress.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims, that are used by this container.  This is an alpha field and requires enabling the DynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.  This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--gateway--ingress--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--gateway--ingress--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.gateway.ingress.resources.requests`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims of the Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource available inside a container.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--gateway--ingress--tolerations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.gateway.ingress.tolerations`

Optional:

- `effect` (String) Effect indicates the taint effect to match. Empty means match all taint effects. When specified, allowed values are NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Key is the taint key that the toleration applies to. Empty means match all taint keys. If the key is empty, operator must be Exists; this combination means to match all values and all keys.
- `operator` (String) Operator represents a key's relationship to the value. Valid operators are Exists and Equal. Defaults to Equal. Exists is equivalent to wildcard for value, so that a pod can tolerate all taints of a particular category.
- `toleration_seconds` (Number) TolerationSeconds represents the period of time the toleration (which must be of effect NoExecute, otherwise this field is ignored) tolerates the taint. By default, it is not set, which means tolerate the taint forever (do not evict). Zero and negative values will be treated as 0 (evict immediately) by the system.
- `value` (String) Value is the taint value the toleration matches to. If the operator is Exists, the value should be empty, otherwise just a regular string.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--gateway--ingress"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.gateway.ingress`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations defines the annotations of the Ingress object.
- `host` (String) Host defines the hostname of the Ingress object.
- `ingress_class_name` (String) IngressClassName defines the name of an IngressClass cluster resource. Defines which ingress controller serves this ingress resource.
- `route` (Attributes) Route defines the options for the OpenShift route. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--gateway--ingress--route))
- `type` (String) Type defines the type of Ingress for the Jaeger Query UI. Currently ingress, route and none are supported.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--gateway--ingress--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.gateway.ingress.route`

Optional:

- `termination` (String) Termination defines the termination type. The default is 'edge'.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--ingester"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.ingester`

Optional:

- `node_selector` (Map of String) NodeSelector defines the simple form of the node-selection constraint.
- `replicas` (Number) Replicas defines the number of replicas to be created for this component.
- `resources` (Attributes) Resources defines resources for this component, this will override the calculated resources derived from total (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--ingester--resources))
- `tolerations` (Attributes List) Tolerations defines component-specific pod tolerations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--ingester--tolerations))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--ingester--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.ingester.tolerations`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims, that are used by this container.  This is an alpha field and requires enabling the DynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.  This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--ingester--tolerations--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--ingester--tolerations--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.ingester.tolerations.claims`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims of the Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource available inside a container.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--ingester--tolerations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.ingester.tolerations`

Optional:

- `effect` (String) Effect indicates the taint effect to match. Empty means match all taint effects. When specified, allowed values are NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Key is the taint key that the toleration applies to. Empty means match all taint keys. If the key is empty, operator must be Exists; this combination means to match all values and all keys.
- `operator` (String) Operator represents a key's relationship to the value. Valid operators are Exists and Equal. Defaults to Equal. Exists is equivalent to wildcard for value, so that a pod can tolerate all taints of a particular category.
- `toleration_seconds` (Number) TolerationSeconds represents the period of time the toleration (which must be of effect NoExecute, otherwise this field is ignored) tolerates the taint. By default, it is not set, which means tolerate the taint forever (do not evict). Zero and negative values will be treated as 0 (evict immediately) by the system.
- `value` (String) Value is the taint value the toleration matches to. If the operator is Exists, the value should be empty, otherwise just a regular string.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--querier"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.querier`

Optional:

- `node_selector` (Map of String) NodeSelector defines the simple form of the node-selection constraint.
- `replicas` (Number) Replicas defines the number of replicas to be created for this component.
- `resources` (Attributes) Resources defines resources for this component, this will override the calculated resources derived from total (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--querier--resources))
- `tolerations` (Attributes List) Tolerations defines component-specific pod tolerations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--querier--tolerations))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--querier--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.querier.tolerations`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims, that are used by this container.  This is an alpha field and requires enabling the DynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.  This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--querier--tolerations--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--querier--tolerations--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.querier.tolerations.claims`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims of the Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource available inside a container.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--querier--tolerations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.querier.tolerations`

Optional:

- `effect` (String) Effect indicates the taint effect to match. Empty means match all taint effects. When specified, allowed values are NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Key is the taint key that the toleration applies to. Empty means match all taint keys. If the key is empty, operator must be Exists; this combination means to match all values and all keys.
- `operator` (String) Operator represents a key's relationship to the value. Valid operators are Exists and Equal. Defaults to Equal. Exists is equivalent to wildcard for value, so that a pod can tolerate all taints of a particular category.
- `toleration_seconds` (Number) TolerationSeconds represents the period of time the toleration (which must be of effect NoExecute, otherwise this field is ignored) tolerates the taint. By default, it is not set, which means tolerate the taint forever (do not evict). Zero and negative values will be treated as 0 (evict immediately) by the system.
- `value` (String) Value is the taint value the toleration matches to. If the operator is Exists, the value should be empty, otherwise just a regular string.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--query_frontend"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.query_frontend`

Optional:

- `component` (Attributes) TempoComponentSpec is embedded to extend this definition with further options.  Currently there is no way to inline this field. See: https://github.com/golang/go/issues/6213 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--query_frontend--component))
- `jaeger_query` (Attributes) JaegerQuery defines options specific to the Jaeger Query component. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--query_frontend--jaeger_query))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--query_frontend--component"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.query_frontend.jaeger_query`

Optional:

- `node_selector` (Map of String) NodeSelector defines the simple form of the node-selection constraint.
- `replicas` (Number) Replicas defines the number of replicas to be created for this component.
- `resources` (Attributes) Resources defines resources for this component, this will override the calculated resources derived from total (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--query_frontend--jaeger_query--resources))
- `tolerations` (Attributes List) Tolerations defines component-specific pod tolerations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--query_frontend--jaeger_query--tolerations))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--query_frontend--jaeger_query--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.query_frontend.jaeger_query.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims, that are used by this container.  This is an alpha field and requires enabling the DynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.  This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--query_frontend--jaeger_query--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--query_frontend--jaeger_query--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.query_frontend.jaeger_query.resources.requests`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims of the Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource available inside a container.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--query_frontend--jaeger_query--tolerations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.query_frontend.jaeger_query.tolerations`

Optional:

- `effect` (String) Effect indicates the taint effect to match. Empty means match all taint effects. When specified, allowed values are NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Key is the taint key that the toleration applies to. Empty means match all taint keys. If the key is empty, operator must be Exists; this combination means to match all values and all keys.
- `operator` (String) Operator represents a key's relationship to the value. Valid operators are Exists and Equal. Defaults to Equal. Exists is equivalent to wildcard for value, so that a pod can tolerate all taints of a particular category.
- `toleration_seconds` (Number) TolerationSeconds represents the period of time the toleration (which must be of effect NoExecute, otherwise this field is ignored) tolerates the taint. By default, it is not set, which means tolerate the taint forever (do not evict). Zero and negative values will be treated as 0 (evict immediately) by the system.
- `value` (String) Value is the taint value the toleration matches to. If the operator is Exists, the value should be empty, otherwise just a regular string.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--query_frontend--jaeger_query"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.query_frontend.jaeger_query`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled defines if the Jaeger Query component should be created.
- `ingress` (Attributes) Ingress defines the options for the Jaeger Query ingress. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--query_frontend--jaeger_query--ingress))
- `monitor_tab` (Attributes) MonitorTab defines the monitor tab configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--query_frontend--jaeger_query--monitor_tab))
- `resources` (Attributes) Resources defines resources for this component, this will override the calculated resources derived from total (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--query_frontend--jaeger_query--resources))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--query_frontend--jaeger_query--ingress"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.query_frontend.jaeger_query.ingress`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations defines the annotations of the Ingress object.
- `host` (String) Host defines the hostname of the Ingress object.
- `ingress_class_name` (String) IngressClassName defines the name of an IngressClass cluster resource. Defines which ingress controller serves this ingress resource.
- `route` (Attributes) Route defines the options for the OpenShift route. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--query_frontend--jaeger_query--ingress--route))
- `type` (String) Type defines the type of Ingress for the Jaeger Query UI. Currently ingress, route and none are supported.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--query_frontend--jaeger_query--ingress--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.query_frontend.jaeger_query.ingress.type`

Optional:

- `termination` (String) Termination defines the termination type. The default is 'edge'.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--query_frontend--jaeger_query--monitor_tab"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.query_frontend.jaeger_query.monitor_tab`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled enables the monitor tab in the Jaeger console. The PrometheusEndpoint must be configured to enable this feature.
- `prometheus_endpoint` (String) PrometheusEndpoint defines the endpoint to the Prometheus instance that contains the span rate, error, and duration (RED) metrics. For instance on OpenShift this is set to https://thanos-querier.openshift-monitoring.svc.cluster.local:9091


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--query_frontend--jaeger_query--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.query_frontend.jaeger_query.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims, that are used by this container.  This is an alpha field and requires enabling the DynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.  This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--query_frontend--jaeger_query--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--query_frontend--jaeger_query--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.query_frontend.jaeger_query.resources.requests`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims of the Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource available inside a container.






<a id="nestedatt--spec--tenants"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tenants`

Required:

- `mode` (String) Mode defines the multitenancy mode.

Optional:

- `authentication` (Attributes List) Authentication defines the tempo-gateway component authentication configuration spec per tenant. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tenants--authentication))
- `authorization` (Attributes) Authorization defines the tempo-gateway component authorization configuration spec per tenant. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tenants--authorization))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--tenants--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tenants.authentication`

Required:

- `tenant_id` (String) TenantID defines a universally unique identifier of the tenant. Unlike the tenantName, which must be unique at a given time, the tenantId must be unique over the entire lifetime of the Tempo deployment. Tempo uses this ID to prefix objects in the object storage.
- `tenant_name` (String) TenantName defines a human readable, unique name of the tenant. The value of this field must be specified in the X-Scope-OrgID header and in the resources field of a ClusterRole to identify the tenant.

Optional:

- `oidc` (Attributes) OIDC defines the spec for the OIDC tenant's authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tenants--authentication--oidc))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--tenants--authentication--oidc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tenants.authentication.oidc`

Optional:

- `group_claim` (String) Group claim field from ID Token
- `issuer_url` (String) IssuerURL defines the URL for issuer.
- `redirect_url` (String) RedirectURL defines the URL for redirect.
- `secret` (Attributes) Secret defines the spec for the clientID, clientSecret and issuerCAPath for tenant's authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tenants--authentication--oidc--secret))
- `username_claim` (String) User claim field from ID Token

<a id="nestedatt--spec--tenants--authentication--oidc--secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tenants.authentication.oidc.secret`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of a secret in the namespace configured for tenant secrets.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--tenants--authorization"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tenants.authorization`

Optional:

- `role_bindings` (Attributes List) RoleBindings defines configuration to bind a set of roles to a set of subjects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tenants--authorization--role_bindings))
- `roles` (Attributes List) Roles defines a set of permissions to interact with a tenant. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tenants--authorization--roles))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--tenants--authorization--role_bindings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tenants.authorization.roles`

Required:

- `name` (String)
- `roles` (List of String)
- `subjects` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tenants--authorization--roles--subjects))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--tenants--authorization--roles--subjects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tenants.authorization.roles.subjects`

Required:

- `kind` (String) SubjectKind is a kind of Tempo Gateway RBAC subject.
- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--tenants--authorization--roles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tenants.authorization.roles`

Required:

- `name` (String)
- `permissions` (List of String)
- `resources` (List of String)
- `tenants` (List of String)
