---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_tempo_grafana_com_tempo_monolithic_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "tempo.grafana.com"
description: |-
  TempoMonolithic manages a Tempo deployment in monolithic mode.
---

# k8s_tempo_grafana_com_tempo_monolithic_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

TempoMonolithic manages a Tempo deployment in monolithic mode.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_tempo_grafana_com_tempo_monolithic_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) TempoMonolithicSpec defines the desired state of TempoMonolithic. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `affinity` (Attributes) Affinity defines the Affinity rules for scheduling pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity))
- `extra_config` (Attributes) ExtraConfig defines any extra (overlay) configuration of components. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--extra_config))
- `ingestion` (Attributes) Ingestion defines the trace ingestion configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ingestion))
- `jaegerui` (Attributes) JaegerUI defines the Jaeger UI configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--jaegerui))
- `management` (String) ManagementState defines whether this instance is managed by the operator or self-managed.Default: Managed.
- `multitenancy` (Attributes) Multitenancy defines the multi-tenancy configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--multitenancy))
- `node_selector` (Map of String) NodeSelector defines which labels are required by a node to schedule the pod onto it.
- `observability` (Attributes) Observability defines the observability configuration of the Tempo deployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--observability))
- `resources` (Attributes) Resources defines the compute resource requirements of the Tempo container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources))
- `service_account` (String) ServiceAccount defines the Service Account to use for all Tempo components.
- `storage` (Attributes) Storage defines the storage configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage))
- `tolerations` (Attributes List) Tolerations defines the tolerations of a node to schedule the pod onto it. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tolerations))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity`

Optional:

- `node_affinity` (Attributes) Describes node affinity scheduling rules for the pod. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity))
- `pod_affinity` (Attributes) Describes pod affinity scheduling rules (e.g. co-locate this pod in the same node, zone, etc. as some other pod(s)). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity))
- `pod_anti_affinity` (Attributes) Describes pod anti-affinity scheduling rules (e.g. avoid putting this pod in the same node, zone, etc. as some other pod(s)). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) The scheduler will prefer to schedule pods to nodes that satisfythe affinity expressions specified by this field, but it may choosea node that violates one or more of the expressions. The node that ismost preferred is the one with the greatest sum of weights, i.e.for each node that meets all of the scheduling requirements (resourcerequest, requiredDuringScheduling affinity expressions, etc.),compute a sum by iterating through the elements of this field and adding'weight' to the sum if the node matches the corresponding matchExpressions; thenode(s) with the highest sum are the most preferred. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes) If the affinity requirements specified by this field are not met atscheduling time, the pod will not be scheduled onto the node.If the affinity requirements specified by this field cease to be metat some point during pod execution (e.g. due to an update), the systemmay or may not try to eventually evict the pod from its node. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `preference` (Attributes) A node selector term, associated with the corresponding weight. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference))
- `weight` (Number) Weight associated with matching the corresponding nodeSelectorTerm, in the range 1-100.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.preference`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's labels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_expressions))
- `match_fields` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_fields))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.preference.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the valuesarray must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer.This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.preference.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the valuesarray must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer.This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `node_selector_terms` (Attributes List) Required. A list of node selector terms. The terms are ORed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's labels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_expressions))
- `match_fields` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_fields))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the valuesarray must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer.This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the valuesarray must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer.This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) The scheduler will prefer to schedule pods to nodes that satisfythe affinity expressions specified by this field, but it may choosea node that violates one or more of the expressions. The node that ismost preferred is the one with the greatest sum of weights, i.e.for each node that meets all of the scheduling requirements (resourcerequest, requiredDuringScheduling affinity expressions, etc.),compute a sum by iterating through the elements of this field and adding'weight' to the sum if the node has pods which matches the corresponding podAffinityTerm; thenode(s) with the highest sum are the most preferred. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) If the affinity requirements specified by this field are not met atscheduling time, the pod will not be scheduled onto the node.If the affinity requirements specified by this field cease to be metat some point during pod execution (e.g. due to a pod label update), thesystem may or may not try to eventually evict the pod from its node.When there are multiple elements, the lists of nodes corresponding to eachpodAffinityTerm are intersected, i.e. all terms must be satisfied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `pod_affinity_term` (Attributes) Required. A pod affinity term, associated with the corresponding weight. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term))
- `weight` (Number) weight associated with matching the corresponding podAffinityTerm,in the range 1-100.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matchingthe labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a nodewhose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of theselected pods is running.Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods.If it's null, this PodAffinityTerm matches with no Pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector))
- `match_label_keys` (List of String) MatchLabelKeys is a set of pod label keys to select which pods willbe taken into consideration. The keys are used to lookup values from theincoming pod labels, those key-value labels are merged with 'LabelSelector' as 'key in (value)'to select the group of existing pods which pods will be taken into considerationfor the incoming pod's pod (anti) affinity. Keys that don't exist in the incomingpod labels will be ignored. The default value is empty.The same key is forbidden to exist in both MatchLabelKeys and LabelSelector.Also, MatchLabelKeys cannot be set when LabelSelector isn't set.This is an alpha field and requires enabling MatchLabelKeysInPodAffinity feature gate.
- `mismatch_label_keys` (List of String) MismatchLabelKeys is a set of pod label keys to select which pods willbe taken into consideration. The keys are used to lookup values from theincoming pod labels, those key-value labels are merged with 'LabelSelector' as 'key notin (value)'to select the group of existing pods which pods will be taken into considerationfor the incoming pod's pod (anti) affinity. Keys that don't exist in the incomingpod labels will be ignored. The default value is empty.The same key is forbidden to exist in both MismatchLabelKeys and LabelSelector.Also, MismatchLabelKeys cannot be set when LabelSelector isn't set.This is an alpha field and requires enabling MatchLabelKeysInPodAffinity feature gate.
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) A label query over the set of namespaces that the term applies to.The term is applied to the union of the namespaces selected by this fieldand the ones listed in the namespaces field.null selector and null or empty namespaces list means 'this pod's namespace'.An empty selector ({}) matches all namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies a static list of namespace names that the term applies to.The term is applied to the union of the namespaces listed in this fieldand the ones selected by namespaceSelector.null or empty namespaces list and null namespaceSelector means 'this pod's namespace'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.label_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matchingthe labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a nodewhose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of theselected pods is running.Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods.If it's null, this PodAffinityTerm matches with no Pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector))
- `match_label_keys` (List of String) MatchLabelKeys is a set of pod label keys to select which pods willbe taken into consideration. The keys are used to lookup values from theincoming pod labels, those key-value labels are merged with 'LabelSelector' as 'key in (value)'to select the group of existing pods which pods will be taken into considerationfor the incoming pod's pod (anti) affinity. Keys that don't exist in the incomingpod labels will be ignored. The default value is empty.The same key is forbidden to exist in both MatchLabelKeys and LabelSelector.Also, MatchLabelKeys cannot be set when LabelSelector isn't set.This is an alpha field and requires enabling MatchLabelKeysInPodAffinity feature gate.
- `mismatch_label_keys` (List of String) MismatchLabelKeys is a set of pod label keys to select which pods willbe taken into consideration. The keys are used to lookup values from theincoming pod labels, those key-value labels are merged with 'LabelSelector' as 'key notin (value)'to select the group of existing pods which pods will be taken into considerationfor the incoming pod's pod (anti) affinity. Keys that don't exist in the incomingpod labels will be ignored. The default value is empty.The same key is forbidden to exist in both MismatchLabelKeys and LabelSelector.Also, MismatchLabelKeys cannot be set when LabelSelector isn't set.This is an alpha field and requires enabling MatchLabelKeysInPodAffinity feature gate.
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) A label query over the set of namespaces that the term applies to.The term is applied to the union of the namespaces selected by this fieldand the ones listed in the namespaces field.null selector and null or empty namespaces list means 'this pod's namespace'.An empty selector ({}) matches all namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies a static list of namespace names that the term applies to.The term is applied to the union of the namespaces listed in this fieldand the ones selected by namespaceSelector.null or empty namespaces list and null namespaceSelector means 'this pod's namespace'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) The scheduler will prefer to schedule pods to nodes that satisfythe anti-affinity expressions specified by this field, but it may choosea node that violates one or more of the expressions. The node that ismost preferred is the one with the greatest sum of weights, i.e.for each node that meets all of the scheduling requirements (resourcerequest, requiredDuringScheduling anti-affinity expressions, etc.),compute a sum by iterating through the elements of this field and adding'weight' to the sum if the node has pods which matches the corresponding podAffinityTerm; thenode(s) with the highest sum are the most preferred. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) If the anti-affinity requirements specified by this field are not met atscheduling time, the pod will not be scheduled onto the node.If the anti-affinity requirements specified by this field cease to be metat some point during pod execution (e.g. due to a pod label update), thesystem may or may not try to eventually evict the pod from its node.When there are multiple elements, the lists of nodes corresponding to eachpodAffinityTerm are intersected, i.e. all terms must be satisfied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `pod_affinity_term` (Attributes) Required. A pod affinity term, associated with the corresponding weight. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term))
- `weight` (Number) weight associated with matching the corresponding podAffinityTerm,in the range 1-100.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matchingthe labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a nodewhose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of theselected pods is running.Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods.If it's null, this PodAffinityTerm matches with no Pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector))
- `match_label_keys` (List of String) MatchLabelKeys is a set of pod label keys to select which pods willbe taken into consideration. The keys are used to lookup values from theincoming pod labels, those key-value labels are merged with 'LabelSelector' as 'key in (value)'to select the group of existing pods which pods will be taken into considerationfor the incoming pod's pod (anti) affinity. Keys that don't exist in the incomingpod labels will be ignored. The default value is empty.The same key is forbidden to exist in both MatchLabelKeys and LabelSelector.Also, MatchLabelKeys cannot be set when LabelSelector isn't set.This is an alpha field and requires enabling MatchLabelKeysInPodAffinity feature gate.
- `mismatch_label_keys` (List of String) MismatchLabelKeys is a set of pod label keys to select which pods willbe taken into consideration. The keys are used to lookup values from theincoming pod labels, those key-value labels are merged with 'LabelSelector' as 'key notin (value)'to select the group of existing pods which pods will be taken into considerationfor the incoming pod's pod (anti) affinity. Keys that don't exist in the incomingpod labels will be ignored. The default value is empty.The same key is forbidden to exist in both MismatchLabelKeys and LabelSelector.Also, MismatchLabelKeys cannot be set when LabelSelector isn't set.This is an alpha field and requires enabling MatchLabelKeysInPodAffinity feature gate.
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) A label query over the set of namespaces that the term applies to.The term is applied to the union of the namespaces selected by this fieldand the ones listed in the namespaces field.null selector and null or empty namespaces list means 'this pod's namespace'.An empty selector ({}) matches all namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies a static list of namespace names that the term applies to.The term is applied to the union of the namespaces listed in this fieldand the ones selected by namespaceSelector.null or empty namespaces list and null namespaceSelector means 'this pod's namespace'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.label_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matchingthe labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a nodewhose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of theselected pods is running.Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods.If it's null, this PodAffinityTerm matches with no Pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector))
- `match_label_keys` (List of String) MatchLabelKeys is a set of pod label keys to select which pods willbe taken into consideration. The keys are used to lookup values from theincoming pod labels, those key-value labels are merged with 'LabelSelector' as 'key in (value)'to select the group of existing pods which pods will be taken into considerationfor the incoming pod's pod (anti) affinity. Keys that don't exist in the incomingpod labels will be ignored. The default value is empty.The same key is forbidden to exist in both MatchLabelKeys and LabelSelector.Also, MatchLabelKeys cannot be set when LabelSelector isn't set.This is an alpha field and requires enabling MatchLabelKeysInPodAffinity feature gate.
- `mismatch_label_keys` (List of String) MismatchLabelKeys is a set of pod label keys to select which pods willbe taken into consideration. The keys are used to lookup values from theincoming pod labels, those key-value labels are merged with 'LabelSelector' as 'key notin (value)'to select the group of existing pods which pods will be taken into considerationfor the incoming pod's pod (anti) affinity. Keys that don't exist in the incomingpod labels will be ignored. The default value is empty.The same key is forbidden to exist in both MismatchLabelKeys and LabelSelector.Also, MismatchLabelKeys cannot be set when LabelSelector isn't set.This is an alpha field and requires enabling MatchLabelKeysInPodAffinity feature gate.
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) A label query over the set of namespaces that the term applies to.The term is applied to the union of the namespaces selected by this fieldand the ones listed in the namespaces field.null selector and null or empty namespaces list means 'this pod's namespace'.An empty selector ({}) matches all namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies a static list of namespace names that the term applies to.The term is applied to the union of the namespaces listed in this fieldand the ones selected by namespaceSelector.null or empty namespaces list and null namespaceSelector means 'this pod's namespace'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.






<a id="nestedatt--spec--extra_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.extra_config`

Optional:

- `tempo` (Map of String) Tempo defines any extra Tempo configuration, which will be merged with the operator's generated Tempo configuration


<a id="nestedatt--spec--ingestion"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ingestion`

Optional:

- `otlp` (Attributes) OTLP defines the ingestion configuration for the OTLP protocol. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ingestion--otlp))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--ingestion--otlp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ingestion.otlp`

Optional:

- `grpc` (Attributes) GRPC defines the OTLP over gRPC configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ingestion--otlp--grpc))
- `http` (Attributes) HTTP defines the OTLP over HTTP configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ingestion--otlp--http))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--ingestion--otlp--grpc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ingestion.otlp.grpc`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled defines if OTLP over gRPC is enabled.Default: enabled.

Optional:

- `tls` (Attributes) TLS defines the TLS configuration for OTLP/gRPC ingestion.On OpenShift when operator config 'servingCertsService'  and TLS is enabled  but no 'certName' and 'caName'are provided it will use OpenShift serving certificate service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ingestion--otlp--grpc--tls))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--ingestion--otlp--grpc--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ingestion.otlp.grpc.tls`

Optional:

- `ca_name` (String) CA is the name of a ConfigMap containing a CA certificate (service-ca.crt).It needs to be in the same namespace as the Tempo custom resource.
- `cert_name` (String) Cert is the name of a Secret containing a certificate (tls.crt) and private key (tls.key).It needs to be in the same namespace as the Tempo custom resource.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled defines if TLS is enabled.
- `min_version` (String) MinVersion defines the minimum acceptable TLS version.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--ingestion--otlp--http"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ingestion.otlp.http`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled defines if OTLP over HTTP is enabled.Default: enabled.

Optional:

- `tls` (Attributes) TLS defines the TLS configuration for OTLP/HTTP ingestion.On OpenShift when operator config 'servingCertsService'  and TLS is enabled  but no 'certName' and 'caName'are provided it will use OpenShift serving certificate service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ingestion--otlp--http--tls))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--ingestion--otlp--http--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ingestion.otlp.http.tls`

Optional:

- `ca_name` (String) CA is the name of a ConfigMap containing a CA certificate (service-ca.crt).It needs to be in the same namespace as the Tempo custom resource.
- `cert_name` (String) Cert is the name of a Secret containing a certificate (tls.crt) and private key (tls.key).It needs to be in the same namespace as the Tempo custom resource.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled defines if TLS is enabled.
- `min_version` (String) MinVersion defines the minimum acceptable TLS version.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--jaegerui"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.jaegerui`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled defines if the Jaeger UI component should be created.

Optional:

- `authentication` (Attributes) Authentication defines the options for the oauth proxy used to protect jaeger UI (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--jaegerui--authentication))
- `ingress` (Attributes) Ingress defines the Ingress configuration for the Jaeger UI. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--jaegerui--ingress))
- `resources` (Attributes) Resources defines the compute resource requirements of the Jaeger UI container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--jaegerui--resources))
- `route` (Attributes) Route defines the OpenShift route configuration for the Jaeger UI. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--jaegerui--route))
- `services_query_duration` (String) ServicesQueryDuration defines how long the services will be available in the services list

<a id="nestedatt--spec--jaegerui--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.jaegerui.authentication`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Defines if the authentication will be enabled for jaeger UI.
- `resources` (Attributes) Resources defines the compute resource requirements of the OAuth Proxy container.The OAuth Proxy performs authentication and authorization of incoming requests to Jaeger UI when multi-tenancy is disabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--jaegerui--authentication--resources))
- `sar` (String) SAR defines the SAR to be used in the oauth-proxydefault is '{'namespace': '<tempo_stack_namespace>', 'resource': 'pods', 'verb': 'get'}

<a id="nestedatt--spec--jaegerui--authentication--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.jaegerui.authentication.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims,that are used by this container.This is an alpha field and requires enabling theDynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--jaegerui--authentication--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required.If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified,otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--jaegerui--authentication--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.jaegerui.authentication.resources.claims`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims ofthe Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource availableinside a container.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--jaegerui--ingress"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.jaegerui.ingress`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled defines if an Ingress object should be created for Jaeger UI.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations defines the annotations of the Ingress object.
- `host` (String) Host defines the hostname of the Ingress object.
- `ingress_class_name` (String) IngressClassName defines the name of an IngressClass cluster resource.Defines which ingress controller serves this ingress resource.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--jaegerui--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.jaegerui.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims,that are used by this container.This is an alpha field and requires enabling theDynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--jaegerui--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required.If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified,otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--jaegerui--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.jaegerui.resources.claims`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims ofthe Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource availableinside a container.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--jaegerui--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.jaegerui.route`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled defines if a Route object should be created for Jaeger UI.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations defines the annotations of the Route object.
- `host` (String) Host defines the hostname of the Route object.
- `termination` (String) Termination specifies the termination type.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--multitenancy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.multitenancy`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled defines if multi-tenancy is enabled.
- `mode` (String) Mode defines the multitenancy mode.

Optional:

- `authentication` (Attributes List) Authentication defines the tempo-gateway component authentication configuration spec per tenant. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--multitenancy--authentication))
- `authorization` (Attributes) Authorization defines the tempo-gateway component authorization configuration spec per tenant. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--multitenancy--authorization))
- `resources` (Attributes) Resources defines the compute resource requirements of the gateway container.The gateway performs authentication and authorization of incoming requests when multi-tenancy is enabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--multitenancy--resources))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--multitenancy--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.multitenancy.authentication`

Required:

- `tenant_id` (String) TenantID defines a universally unique identifier of the tenant.Unlike the tenantName, which must be unique at a given time, the tenantId must be unique over the entire lifetime of the Tempo deployment.Tempo uses this ID to prefix objects in the object storage.
- `tenant_name` (String) TenantName defines a human readable, unique name of the tenant.The value of this field must be specified in the X-Scope-OrgID header and in the resources field of a ClusterRole to identify the tenant.

Optional:

- `oidc` (Attributes) OIDC defines the spec for the OIDC tenant's authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--multitenancy--authentication--oidc))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--multitenancy--authentication--oidc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.multitenancy.authentication.oidc`

Optional:

- `group_claim` (String) Group claim field from ID Token
- `issuer_url` (String) IssuerURL defines the URL for issuer.
- `redirect_url` (String) RedirectURL defines the URL for redirect.
- `secret` (Attributes) Secret defines the spec for the clientID, clientSecret and issuerCAPath for tenant's authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--multitenancy--authentication--oidc--secret))
- `username_claim` (String) User claim field from ID Token

<a id="nestedatt--spec--multitenancy--authentication--oidc--secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.multitenancy.authentication.oidc.secret`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of a secret in the namespace configured for tenant secrets.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--multitenancy--authorization"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.multitenancy.authorization`

Optional:

- `role_bindings` (Attributes List) RoleBindings defines configuration to bind a set of roles to a set of subjects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--multitenancy--authorization--role_bindings))
- `roles` (Attributes List) Roles defines a set of permissions to interact with a tenant. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--multitenancy--authorization--roles))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--multitenancy--authorization--role_bindings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.multitenancy.authorization.role_bindings`

Required:

- `name` (String)
- `roles` (List of String)
- `subjects` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--multitenancy--authorization--role_bindings--subjects))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--multitenancy--authorization--role_bindings--subjects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.multitenancy.authorization.role_bindings.subjects`

Required:

- `kind` (String) SubjectKind is a kind of Tempo Gateway RBAC subject.
- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--multitenancy--authorization--roles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.multitenancy.authorization.roles`

Required:

- `name` (String)
- `permissions` (List of String)
- `resources` (List of String)
- `tenants` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--multitenancy--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.multitenancy.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims,that are used by this container.This is an alpha field and requires enabling theDynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--multitenancy--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required.If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified,otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--multitenancy--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.multitenancy.resources.claims`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims ofthe Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource availableinside a container.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--observability"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.observability`

Optional:

- `grafana` (Attributes) Grafana defines the Grafana configuration of the Tempo deployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--observability--grafana))
- `metrics` (Attributes) Metrics defines the metric configuration of the Tempo deployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--observability--metrics))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--observability--grafana"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.observability.grafana`

Optional:

- `data_source` (Attributes) DataSource defines the Grafana data source configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--observability--grafana--data_source))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--observability--grafana--data_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.observability.grafana.data_source`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled defines if a Grafana data source should be created for this Tempo deployment.

Optional:

- `instance_selector` (Attributes) InstanceSelector defines the Grafana instance where the data source should be created. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--observability--grafana--data_source--instance_selector))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--observability--grafana--data_source--instance_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.observability.grafana.data_source.instance_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--observability--grafana--data_source--instance_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--observability--grafana--data_source--instance_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.observability.grafana.data_source.instance_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--observability--metrics"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.observability.metrics`

Optional:

- `prometheus_rules` (Attributes) ServiceMonitors defines the PrometheusRule configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--observability--metrics--prometheus_rules))
- `service_monitors` (Attributes) ServiceMonitors defines the ServiceMonitor configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--observability--metrics--service_monitors))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--observability--metrics--prometheus_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.observability.metrics.prometheus_rules`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled defines if PrometheusRule objects should be created for this Tempo deployment.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--observability--metrics--service_monitors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.observability.metrics.service_monitors`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled defines if ServiceMonitor objects should be created for this Tempo deployment.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims,that are used by this container.This is an alpha field and requires enabling theDynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required.If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified,otherwise to an implementation-defined value. Requests cannot exceed Limits.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources.claims`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims ofthe Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource availableinside a container.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage`

Required:

- `traces` (Attributes) Traces defines the storage configuration for traces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--traces))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--traces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.traces`

Required:

- `backend` (String) Backend defines the backend for storing traces.Default: memory.

Optional:

- `azure` (Attributes) Azure defines the configuration for Azure Storage. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--traces--azure))
- `gcs` (Attributes) GCP defines the configuration for Google Cloud Storage. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--traces--gcs))
- `s3` (Attributes) S3 defines the configuration for Amazon S3. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--traces--s3))
- `size` (String) Size defines the size of the volume where traces are stored.For in-memory storage, this defines the size of the tmpfs volume.For persistent volume storage, this defines the size of the persistent volume.For object storage, this defines the size of the persistent volume containing the Write-Ahead Log (WAL) of Tempo.Default: 2Gi for memory, 10Gi for all other backends.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--traces--azure"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.traces.azure`

Required:

- `secret` (String) Secret is the name of a Secret containing credentials for accessing object storage.It needs to be in the same namespace as the TempoMonolithic custom resource.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--traces--gcs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.traces.gcs`

Required:

- `secret` (String) Secret is the name of a Secret containing credentials for accessing object storage.It needs to be in the same namespace as the TempoMonolithic custom resource.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--traces--s3"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.traces.s3`

Required:

- `secret` (String) Secret is the name of a Secret containing credentials for accessing object storage.It needs to be in the same namespace as the TempoMonolithic custom resource.

Optional:

- `tls` (Attributes) TLS defines the TLS configuration for Amazon S3. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--traces--s3--tls))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--traces--s3--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.traces.s3.tls`

Optional:

- `ca_name` (String) CA is the name of a ConfigMap containing a CA certificate (service-ca.crt).It needs to be in the same namespace as the Tempo custom resource.
- `cert_name` (String) Cert is the name of a Secret containing a certificate (tls.crt) and private key (tls.key).It needs to be in the same namespace as the Tempo custom resource.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled defines if TLS is enabled.
- `min_version` (String) MinVersion defines the minimum acceptable TLS version.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--tolerations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tolerations`

Optional:

- `effect` (String) Effect indicates the taint effect to match. Empty means match all taint effects.When specified, allowed values are NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Key is the taint key that the toleration applies to. Empty means match all taint keys.If the key is empty, operator must be Exists; this combination means to match all values and all keys.
- `operator` (String) Operator represents a key's relationship to the value.Valid operators are Exists and Equal. Defaults to Equal.Exists is equivalent to wildcard for value, so that a pod cantolerate all taints of a particular category.
- `toleration_seconds` (Number) TolerationSeconds represents the period of time the toleration (which must beof effect NoExecute, otherwise this field is ignored) tolerates the taint. By default,it is not set, which means tolerate the taint forever (do not evict). Zero andnegative values will be treated as 0 (evict immediately) by the system.
- `value` (String) Value is the taint value the toleration matches to.If the operator is Exists, the value should be empty, otherwise just a regular string.
