---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_temporal_io_temporal_worker_process_v1beta1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "temporal.io"
description: |-
  TemporalWorkerProcess is the Schema for the temporalworkerprocesses API.
---

# k8s_temporal_io_temporal_worker_process_v1beta1_manifest (Data Source)

TemporalWorkerProcess is the Schema for the temporalworkerprocesses API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_temporal_io_temporal_worker_process_v1beta1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) TemporalWorkerProcessSpec defines the desired state of TemporalWorkerProcess. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `cluster_ref` (Attributes) Reference to the temporal cluster the worker will connect to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_ref))
- `image` (String) Image defines the temporal worker docker image the instance should run.
- `temporal_namespace` (String) TemporalNamespace that worker will poll.

Optional:

- `builder` (Attributes) Builder is the configuration for building a TemporalWorkerProcess. THIS FEATURE IS HIGHLY EXPERIMENTAL. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--builder))
- `image_pull_secrets` (Attributes List) An optional list of references to secrets in the same namespace to use for pulling temporal images from registries. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--image_pull_secrets))
- `job_ttl_seconds_after_finished` (Number) JobTTLSecondsAfterFinished is amount of time to keep job pods after jobs are completed. Defaults to 300 seconds.
- `pull_policy` (String) Image pull policy for determining how to pull worker process images.
- `replicas` (Number) Number of desired replicas. Default to 1.
- `version` (String) Version defines the worker process version.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The name of the TemporalCluster to reference.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the TemporalCluster to reference. Defaults to the namespace of the requested resource if omitted.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--builder"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.builder`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled defines if the operator should build the temporal worker process.

Optional:

- `attempt` (Number) BuildAttempt is the build attempt number of a given version
- `build_dir` (String) BuildDir is the location of where the sources will be built.
- `build_registry` (Attributes) BuildRegistry specifies how to connect to container registry. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--builder--build_registry))
- `git_repository` (Attributes) GitRepository specifies how to connect to Git source control. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--builder--git_repository))
- `image` (String) Image is the image that will be used to build worker image.
- `version` (String) Version is the version of the image that will be used to build worker image.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--builder--build_registry"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.builder.build_registry`

Required:

- `password_secret_ref` (Attributes) PasswordSecret is the reference to the secret holding the docker repo password. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--builder--build_registry--password_secret_ref))
- `repository` (String) Repository is the fqdn to the image repo.
- `username` (String) Username is the username for the container repo.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--builder--build_registry--password_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.builder.build_registry.password_secret_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the Secret.

Optional:

- `key` (String) Key in the Secret.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--builder--git_repository"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.builder.git_repository`

Required:

- `url` (String) URL specifies the Git repository URL, it can be an HTTP/S or SSH address.

Optional:

- `reference` (Attributes) Reference specifies the Git reference to resolve and monitor for changes, defaults to the 'master' branch. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--builder--git_repository--reference))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--builder--git_repository--reference"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.builder.git_repository.reference`

Optional:

- `branch` (String) Branch to check out, defaults to 'main' if no other field is defined.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--image_pull_secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.image_pull_secrets`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
