---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_tests_testkube_io_test_trigger_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "tests.testkube.io"
description: |-
  TestTrigger is the Schema for the testtriggers API
---

# k8s_tests_testkube_io_test_trigger_v1_manifest (Data Source)

TestTrigger is the Schema for the testtriggers API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_tests_testkube_io_test_trigger_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) TestTriggerSpec defines the desired state of TestTrigger (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action represents what needs to be executed for selected Execution
- `event` (String) On which Event for a Resource should an Action be triggered
- `execution` (String) Execution identifies for which test execution should an Action be executed
- `resource` (String) For which Resource do we monitor Event which triggers an Action on certain conditions
- `resource_selector` (Attributes) ResourceSelector identifies which Kubernetes Objects should be watched (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resource_selector))
- `test_selector` (Attributes) TestSelector identifies on which Testkube Kubernetes Objects an Action should be taken (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--test_selector))

Optional:

- `concurrency_policy` (String) ConcurrencyPolicy defines concurrency policy for selected Execution
- `condition_spec` (Attributes) What resource conditions should be matched (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--condition_spec))
- `delay` (String) Delay is a duration string which specifies how long should the test be delayed after a trigger is matched
- `probe_spec` (Attributes) What resource probes should be matched (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--probe_spec))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resource_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resource_selector`

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) LabelSelector is used to identify a group of Kubernetes Objects based on their metadata labels (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resource_selector--label_selector))
- `name` (String) Name selector is used to identify a Kubernetes Object based on the metadata name
- `name_regex` (String) kubernetes resource name regex
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the Kubernetes object

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resource_selector--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resource_selector.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resource_selector--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resource_selector--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resource_selector.label_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--test_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.test_selector`

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) LabelSelector is used to identify a group of Kubernetes Objects based on their metadata labels (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--test_selector--label_selector))
- `name` (String) Name selector is used to identify a Kubernetes Object based on the metadata name
- `name_regex` (String) kubernetes resource name regex
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the Kubernetes object

<a id="nestedatt--spec--test_selector--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.test_selector.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--test_selector--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--test_selector--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.test_selector.label_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--condition_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.condition_spec`

Optional:

- `conditions` (Attributes List) list of test trigger conditions (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--condition_spec--conditions))
- `delay` (Number) duration in seconds the test trigger waits between condition check
- `timeout` (Number) duration in seconds the test trigger waits for conditions, until its stopped

<a id="nestedatt--spec--condition_spec--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.condition_spec.conditions`

Required:

- `status` (String) TestTriggerConditionStatuses defines condition statuses for test triggers
- `type` (String) test trigger condition

Optional:

- `reason` (String) test trigger condition reason
- `ttl` (Number) duration in seconds in the past from current time when the condition is still valid



<a id="nestedatt--spec--probe_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.probe_spec`

Optional:

- `delay` (Number) duration in seconds the test trigger waits between probes
- `probes` (Attributes List) list of test trigger probes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--probe_spec--probes))
- `timeout` (Number) duration in seconds the test trigger waits for probes, until its stopped

<a id="nestedatt--spec--probe_spec--probes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.probe_spec.probes`

Optional:

- `headers` (Map of String) test trigger condition probe headers to submit
- `host` (String) test trigger condition probe host, default is pod ip or service name
- `path` (String) test trigger condition probe path to check, default is /
- `port` (Number) test trigger condition probe port to connect
- `scheme` (String) test trigger condition probe scheme to connect to host, default is http
