---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_tf_tungsten_io_analytics_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "tf.tungsten.io"
description: |-
  Analytics is the Schema for the analytics API.
---

# k8s_tf_tungsten_io_analytics_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

Analytics is the Schema for the analytics API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_tf_tungsten_io_analytics_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) AnalyticsSpec is the Spec for the Analytics API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `service_configuration` (Attributes) AnalyticsConfiguration is the Spec for the Analytics API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--service_configuration))

Optional:

- `common_configuration` (Attributes) PodConfiguration is the common services struct. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--common_configuration))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--service_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.service_configuration`

Optional:

- `aaa_mode` (String) AAAMode aaa mode
- `analytics_config_audit_ttl` (Number) Time (in hours) the analytics config data entering the collector stays in the Cassandra database. Defaults to 2160 hours.
- `analytics_data_ttl` (Number) Time (in hours) that the analytics object and log data stays in the Cassandra database. Defaults to 48 hours.
- `analytics_flow_ttl` (Number) Time to live (TTL) for flow data in hours. Defaults to 2 hours.
- `analytics_introspect_port` (Number)
- `analytics_port` (Number)
- `analytics_statistics_ttl` (Number) Time to live (TTL) for statistics data in hours. Defaults to 4 hours.
- `collector_introspect_port` (Number)
- `collector_port` (Number)
- `containers` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--service_configuration--containers))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--service_configuration--containers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.service_configuration.containers`

Optional:

- `command` (List of String)
- `image` (String)
- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--common_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.common_configuration`

Optional:

- `auth_parameters` (Attributes) AuthParameters auth parameters (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--common_configuration--auth_parameters))
- `distribution` (String) OS family
- `image_pull_secrets` (List of String) ImagePullSecrets is an optional list of references to secrets in the same namespace to use for pulling any of the images used by this PodSpec.
- `log_level` (String) Kubernetes Cluster Configuration
- `node_selector` (Map of String) NodeSelector is a selector which must be true for the pod to fit on a node. Selector which must match a node's labels for the pod to be scheduled on that node. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/assign-pod-node/.
- `tolerations` (Attributes List) If specified, the pod's tolerations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--common_configuration--tolerations))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--common_configuration--auth_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.common_configuration.auth_parameters`

Optional:

- `auth_mode` (String) AuthenticationMode auth mode
- `keystone_auth_parameters` (Attributes) KeystoneAuthParameters keystone parameters (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--common_configuration--auth_parameters--keystone_auth_parameters))
- `keystone_secret_name` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--common_configuration--auth_parameters--keystone_auth_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.common_configuration.auth_parameters.keystone_auth_parameters`

Optional:

- `address` (String)
- `admin_password` (String)
- `admin_port` (Number)
- `admin_tenant` (String)
- `admin_username` (String)
- `auth_protocol` (String)
- `insecure` (Boolean)
- `port` (Number)
- `project_domain_name` (String)
- `region` (String)
- `user_domain_name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--common_configuration--tolerations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.common_configuration.tolerations`

Optional:

- `effect` (String) Effect indicates the taint effect to match. Empty means match all taint effects. When specified, allowed values are NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Key is the taint key that the toleration applies to. Empty means match all taint keys. If the key is empty, operator must be Exists; this combination means to match all values and all keys.
- `operator` (String) Operator represents a key's relationship to the value. Valid operators are Exists and Equal. Defaults to Equal. Exists is equivalent to wildcard for value, so that a pod can tolerate all taints of a particular category.
- `toleration_seconds` (Number) TolerationSeconds represents the period of time the toleration (which must be of effect NoExecute, otherwise this field is ignored) tolerates the taint. By default, it is not set, which means tolerate the taint forever (do not evict). Zero and negative values will be treated as 0 (evict immediately) by the system.
- `value` (String) Value is the taint value the toleration matches to. If the operator is Exists, the value should be empty, otherwise just a regular string.
