---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_tinkerbell_org_workflow_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "tinkerbell.org"
description: |-
  Workflow is the Schema for the Workflows API.
---

# k8s_tinkerbell_org_workflow_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

Workflow is the Schema for the Workflows API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_tinkerbell_org_workflow_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) WorkflowSpec defines the desired state of Workflow. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `boot_options` (Attributes) BootOptions are options that control the booting of Hardware. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--boot_options))
- `hardware_map` (Map of String) A mapping of template devices to hadware mac addresses.
- `hardware_ref` (String) Name of the Hardware associated with this workflow.
- `template_ref` (String) Name of the Template associated with this workflow.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--boot_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.boot_options`

Optional:

- `boot_mode` (String) BootMode is the type of booting that will be done.
- `iso_url` (String) ISOURL is the URL of the ISO that will be one-time booted. When this field is set, the controller will create a job.bmc.tinkerbell.org object for getting the associated hardware into a CDROM booting state. A HardwareRef that contains a spec.BmcRef must be provided.
- `toggle_allow_netboot` (Boolean) ToggleAllowNetboot indicates whether the controller should toggle the field in the associated hardware for allowing PXE booting. This will be enabled before a Workflow is executed and disabled after the Workflow has completed successfully. A HardwareRef must be provided.
