---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_tinkerbell_org_stack_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "tinkerbell.org"
description: |-
  Stack represents the tinkerbell stack that is being deployed in the kubernetes where the operator is deployed. Tinkerbell operator watches for different resources such as deployment, services, serviceAccounts, etc. One of those CRs is Stack which the operator will install the tink-stack based on its specs. Once the CR is deleted, the operator will delete all tinkerbell resources.
---

# k8s_tinkerbell_org_stack_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

Stack represents the tinkerbell stack that is being deployed in the kubernetes where the operator is deployed. Tinkerbell operator watches for different resources such as deployment, services, serviceAccounts, etc. One of those CRs is Stack which the operator will install the tink-stack based on its specs. Once the CR is deleted, the operator will delete all tinkerbell resources.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_tinkerbell_org_stack_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) Spec describes the desired tinkerbell stack state. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `services` (Attributes) Services contains all Tinkerbell Stack services. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--services))
- `version` (String) Version is the Tinkerbell CRD version.

Optional:

- `dns_resolver_ip` (String) DNSResolverIP is indicative of the resolver IP utilized for setting up the nginx server responsible for proxying to the Tinkerbell services and serving the Hook artifacts.
- `image_pull_secrets` (List of String) ImagePullSecrets the secret name containing the docker auth config which should exist in the same namespace where the operator is deployed(typically tinkerbell)
- `registry` (String) Registry is the registry to use for all images. If this field is set, all tink service deployment images will be prefixed with this value. For example if the value here was set to docker.io, then smee image will be docker.io/tinkerbell/smee.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--services"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.services`

Required:

- `tink_controller` (Attributes) TinkController contains all the information and spec about tink controller. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--services--tink_controller))
- `tink_server` (Attributes) TinkServer contains all the information and spec about tink server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--services--tink_server))

Optional:

- `hegel` (Attributes) Hegel contains all the information and spec about smee. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--services--hegel))
- `rufio` (Attributes) Rufio contains all the information and spec about rufio. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--services--rufio))
- `smee` (Attributes) Smee contains all the information and spec about smee. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--services--smee))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--services--tink_controller"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.services.tink_controller`

Optional:

- `image` (Attributes) Image specifies the details of a tinkerbell services images (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--services--tink_controller--image))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--services--tink_controller--image"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.services.tink_controller.image`

Optional:

- `repository` (String) Repository is used to set the image repository for tinkerbell services.
- `tag` (String) Tag is used to set the image tag for tinkerbell services.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--services--tink_server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.services.tink_server`

Optional:

- `enable_tls` (Boolean) EnableTLS sets if the tink server should run with TLS or not.
- `image` (Attributes) Image specifies the details of a tinkerbell services images (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--services--tink_server--image))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--services--tink_server--image"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.services.tink_server.image`

Optional:

- `repository` (String) Repository is used to set the image repository for tinkerbell services.
- `tag` (String) Tag is used to set the image tag for tinkerbell services.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--services--hegel"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.services.hegel`

Optional:

- `image` (Attributes) Image specifies the details of a tinkerbell services images (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--services--hegel--image))
- `trusted_proxies` (List of String) TrustedProxies comma separated allowed CIDRs subnets to be used as trusted proxies

<a id="nestedatt--spec--services--hegel--image"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.services.hegel.image`

Optional:

- `repository` (String) Repository is used to set the image repository for tinkerbell services.
- `tag` (String) Tag is used to set the image tag for tinkerbell services.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--services--rufio"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.services.rufio`

Optional:

- `image` (Attributes) Image specifies the details of a tinkerbell services images (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--services--rufio--image))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--services--rufio--image"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.services.rufio.image`

Optional:

- `repository` (String) Repository is used to set the image repository for tinkerbell services.
- `tag` (String) Tag is used to set the image tag for tinkerbell services.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--services--smee"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.services.smee`

Required:

- `backend_configs` (Attributes) BackendConfigs contains the configurations for smee backend. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--services--smee--backend_configs))
- `image` (Attributes) Image specifies the image repo and tag for Smee. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--services--smee--image))

Optional:

- `dhcp_configs` (Attributes) DHCPConfigs contains the DHCP server configurations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--services--smee--dhcp_configs))
- `ipxe_configs` (Attributes) IPXEConfigs contains the iPXE configurations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--services--smee--ipxe_configs))
- `log_level` (String) LogLevel sets the debug level for smee.
- `syslog_configs` (Attributes) SyslogConfigs contains the configurations of the syslog server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--services--smee--syslog_configs))
- `tftp_configs` (Attributes) TFTPConfigs contains the configurations of Tinkerbell TFTP server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--services--smee--tftp_configs))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--services--smee--backend_configs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.services.smee.backend_configs`

Optional:

- `backend_file_mode` (Attributes) BackendFileMode contains the file backend configurations for DHCP and the HTTP iPXE script. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--services--smee--backend_configs--backend_file_mode))
- `backend_kube_mode` (Attributes) BackendKubeMode contains the Kubernetes backend configurations for DHCP and the HTTP iPXE script. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--services--smee--backend_configs--backend_kube_mode))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--services--smee--backend_configs--backend_file_mode"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.services.smee.backend_configs.backend_file_mode`

Required:

- `file_path` (String) FilePath specifies the hardware yaml file path for the file backend.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--services--smee--backend_configs--backend_kube_mode"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.services.smee.backend_configs.backend_kube_mode`

Optional:

- `config_file_path` (String) ConfigFilePath specifies the Kubernetes config file location.
- `kube_api_url` (String) KubeAPIURL specifies the Kubernetes API URL, used for in-cluster client construction.
- `kube_namespace` (String) KubeNamespace specifies an optional Kubernetes namespace override to query hardware data from.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--services--smee--image"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.services.smee.image`

Optional:

- `repository` (String) Repository is used to set the image repository for tinkerbell services.
- `tag` (String) Tag is used to set the image tag for tinkerbell services.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--services--smee--dhcp_configs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.services.smee.dhcp_configs`

Required:

- `ip` (String) IP is the local IP to listen on to serve TFTP binaries.
- `port` (Number) Port is the local port to listen on to serve TFTP binaries.

Optional:

- `http_ipxe_binary_address` (String) HTTPIPXEBinaryAddress specifies the http ipxe binary server address (IP:Port) to use in DHCP packets.
- `http_ipxe_binary_uri` (String) HTTPIPXEBinaryURI specifies the http ipxe script server URL to use in DHCP packets.
- `ip_for_packet` (String) IPForPacket IP address to use in DHCP packets
- `syslog_ip` (String) SyslogIP specifies the syslog server IP address to use in DHCP packets.
- `tftp_address` (String) TFTPAddress specifies the tftp server address to use in DHCP packets.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--services--smee--ipxe_configs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.services.smee.ipxe_configs`

Required:

- `ip` (String) IP is the local IP to listen on to serve TFTP binaries.
- `port` (Number) Port is the local port to listen on to serve TFTP binaries.

Optional:

- `enable_http_binary` (Boolean) EnableHTTPBinary enable iPXE HTTP binary server.
- `enable_tls` (Boolean) EnableTLS sets if the smee should run with TLS or not.
- `extra_kernel_args` (String) ExtraKernelArgs specifies extra set of kernel args (k=v k=v) that are appended to the kernel cmdline iPXE script.
- `hook_url` (String) HookURL specifies the URL where OSIE(Hook) images are located.
- `tink_server_address` (String) TinkServerAddress specifies the IP:Port of the tink server.
- `trusted_proxies` (List of String) TrustedProxies comma separated allowed CIDRs subnets to be used as trusted proxies.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--services--smee--syslog_configs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.services.smee.syslog_configs`

Required:

- `bind_address` (String) IP is the local IP to listen on for syslog messages.
- `port` (Number) Port is the local port to listen on for syslog messages.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--services--smee--tftp_configs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.services.smee.tftp_configs`

Required:

- `ip` (String) IP is the local IP to listen on to serve TFTP binaries.
- `port` (Number) Port is the local port to listen on to serve TFTP binaries.

Optional:

- `ipxe_script_patch` (String) IPXEScriptPatch specifies the iPXE script fragment to patch into served iPXE binaries served via TFTP or HTTP.
- `tftp_timeout` (Number) TFTPTimeout specifies the iPXE tftp binary server requests timeout.
