---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_tinkerbell_org_workflow_v1alpha2_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "tinkerbell.org"
description: |-
  Workflow describes a set of actions to be run on a specific Hardware. Workflows execute once and should be considered ephemeral.
---

# k8s_tinkerbell_org_workflow_v1alpha2_manifest (Data Source)

Workflow describes a set of actions to be run on a specific Hardware. Workflows execute once and should be considered ephemeral.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_tinkerbell_org_workflow_v1alpha2_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `hardware_ref` (Attributes) HardwareRef is a reference to a Hardware resource this workflow will execute on. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--hardware_ref))
- `template_params` (Map of String) TemplateParams are a list of key-value pairs that are injected into templates at render time. TemplateParams are exposed to templates using a top level .Params key. For example, TemplateParams = {'foo': 'bar'}, the foo key can be accessed via .Params.foo.
- `template_ref` (Attributes) TemplateRef is a reference to a Template resource used to render workflow actions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template_ref))
- `timeout` (Number) TimeoutSeconds defines the time the workflow has to complete. The timer begins when the first action is requested. When set to 0, no timeout is applied.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--hardware_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.hardware_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. This field is effectively required, but due to backwards compatibility is allowed to be empty. Instances of this type with an empty value here are almost certainly wrong. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. This field is effectively required, but due to backwards compatibility is allowed to be empty. Instances of this type with an empty value here are almost certainly wrong. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
