---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_tinkerbell_org_template_v1alpha2_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "tinkerbell.org"
description: |-
  Template defines a set of actions to be run on a target machine. The template is renderedprior to execution where it is exposed to Hardware and user defined data. Most fields within theTemplateSpec may contain templates values excluding .TemplateSpec.Actions[].Name.See  for more details.
---

# k8s_tinkerbell_org_template_v1alpha2_manifest (Data Source)

Template defines a set of actions to be run on a target machine. The template is renderedprior to execution where it is exposed to Hardware and user defined data. Most fields within theTemplateSpec may contain templates values excluding .TemplateSpec.Actions[].Name.See https://pkg.go.dev/text/template for more details.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_tinkerbell_org_template_v1alpha2_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `actions` (Attributes List) Actions defines the set of actions to be run on a target machine. Actions are run sequentiallyin the order they are specified. At least 1 action must be specified. Names of actionsmust be unique within a Template. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--actions))
- `env` (Map of String) Env defines environment variables to be available in all actions. If an action specifiesthe same environment variable it will take precedence.
- `volumes` (List of String) Volumes to be mounted on all actions. If an action specifies the same volume it will takeprecedence.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.actions`

Required:

- `image` (String) Image is an OCI image.
- `name` (String) Name is a name for the action.

Optional:

- `args` (List of String) Args are a set of arguments to be passed to the command executed by the container onlaunch.
- `cmd` (String) Cmd defines the command to use when launching the image. It overrides the default commandof the action. It must be a unix path to an executable program.
- `env` (Map of String) Env defines environment variables used when launching the container.
- `namespaces` (Attributes) Namespace defines the Linux namespaces this container should execute in. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--actions--namespaces))
- `volumes` (List of String) Volumes defines the volumes to mount into the container.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--actions--namespaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.actions.namespaces`

Optional:

- `network` (String) Network defines the network namespace.
- `pid` (Number) PID defines the PID namespace
