---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_tinkerbell_org_hardware_v1alpha2_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "tinkerbell.org"
description: |-
  Hardware is a logical representation of a machine that can execute Workflows.
---

# k8s_tinkerbell_org_hardware_v1alpha2_manifest (Data Source)

Hardware is a logical representation of a machine that can execute Workflows.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_tinkerbell_org_hardware_v1alpha2_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `bmc_ref` (Attributes) BMCRef references a Rufio Machine object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--bmc_ref))
- `instance` (Attributes) Instance describes instance specific data that is generally unused by Tinkerbell core. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--instance))
- `ipxe` (Attributes) IPXE provides iPXE script override fields. This is useful for debugging or netbootcustomization. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ipxe))
- `kernel_params` (List of String) KernelParams passed to the kernel when launching the OSIE. Parameters are joined with aspace.
- `network_interfaces` (Attributes) NetworkInterfaces defines the desired DHCP and netboot configuration for a network interface. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network_interfaces))
- `osie` (Attributes) OSIE describes the Operating System Installation Environment to be netbooted. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--osie))
- `storage_devices` (List of String) StorageDevices is a list of storage devices that will be available in the OSIE.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--bmc_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.bmc_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?


<a id="nestedatt--spec--instance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.instance`

Optional:

- `userdata` (String) Userdata is data with a structure understood by the producer and consumer of the data.
- `vendordata` (String) Vendordata is data with a structure understood by the producer and consumer of the data.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--ipxe"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ipxe`

Optional:

- `inline` (String) Content is an inline iPXE script.
- `url` (String) URL is a URL to a hosted iPXE script.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--network_interfaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network_interfaces`

Optional:

- `dhcp` (Attributes) DHCP is the basic network information for serving DHCP requests. Required when DisbaleDHCPis false. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network_interfaces--dhcp))
- `disable_dhcp` (Boolean) DisableDHCP disables DHCP for this interface. Implies DisableNetboot.
- `disable_netboot` (Boolean) DisableNetboot disables netbooting for this interface. The interface will still receivenetwork information specified by DHCP.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--network_interfaces--dhcp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network_interfaces.dhcp`

Optional:

- `gateway` (String) Gateway is the default gateway address to serve.
- `hostname` (String)
- `ip` (String) IP is an IPv4 address to serve.
- `lease_time_seconds` (Number) LeaseTimeSeconds to serve. 24h default. Maximum equates to max uint32 as defined by RFC 2132ยง 9.2 (https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc2132.html#section-9.2).
- `nameservers` (List of String) Nameservers to serve.
- `netmask` (String) Netmask is an IPv4 netmask to serve.
- `timeservers` (List of String) Timeservers to serve.
- `vlan_id` (String) VLANID is a VLAN ID between 0 and 4096.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--osie"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.osie`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#namesTODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
