---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_traefik_io_servers_transport_tcp_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "traefik.io"
description: |-
  ServersTransportTCP is the CRD implementation of a TCPServersTransport. If no tcpServersTransport is specified, a default one named default@internal will be used. The default@internal tcpServersTransport can be configured in the static configuration. More info: https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/v3.1/routing/services/#serverstransport_3
---

# k8s_traefik_io_servers_transport_tcp_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

ServersTransportTCP is the CRD implementation of a TCPServersTransport. If no tcpServersTransport is specified, a default one named default@internal will be used. The default@internal tcpServersTransport can be configured in the static configuration. More info: https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/v3.1/routing/services/#serverstransport_3

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_traefik_io_servers_transport_tcp_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
  spec = {}
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) ServersTransportTCPSpec defines the desired state of a ServersTransportTCP. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `dial_keep_alive` (String) DialKeepAlive is the interval between keep-alive probes for an active network connection. If zero, keep-alive probes are sent with a default value (currently 15 seconds), if supported by the protocol and operating system. Network protocols or operating systems that do not support keep-alives ignore this field. If negative, keep-alive probes are disabled.
- `dial_timeout` (String) DialTimeout is the amount of time to wait until a connection to a backend server can be established.
- `termination_delay` (String) TerminationDelay defines the delay to wait before fully terminating the connection, after one connected peer has closed its writing capability.
- `tls` (Attributes) TLS defines the TLS configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tls))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tls`

Optional:

- `certificates_secrets` (List of String) CertificatesSecrets defines a list of secret storing client certificates for mTLS.
- `insecure_skip_verify` (Boolean) InsecureSkipVerify disables TLS certificate verification.
- `peer_cert_uri` (String) MaxIdleConnsPerHost controls the maximum idle (keep-alive) to keep per-host. PeerCertURI defines the peer cert URI used to match against SAN URI during the peer certificate verification.
- `root_c_as_secrets` (List of String) RootCAsSecrets defines a list of CA secret used to validate self-signed certificates.
- `server_name` (String) ServerName defines the server name used to contact the server.
- `spiffe` (Attributes) Spiffe defines the SPIFFE configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tls--spiffe))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--tls--spiffe"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tls.spiffe`

Optional:

- `ids` (List of String) IDs defines the allowed SPIFFE IDs (takes precedence over the SPIFFE TrustDomain).
- `trust_domain` (String) TrustDomain defines the allowed SPIFFE trust domain.
