---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_traefik_io_ingress_route_udp_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "traefik.io"
description: |-
  IngressRouteUDP is a CRD implementation of a Traefik UDP Router.
---

# k8s_traefik_io_ingress_route_udp_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

IngressRouteUDP is a CRD implementation of a Traefik UDP Router.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_traefik_io_ingress_route_udp_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
  spec = {
    routes = []
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) IngressRouteUDPSpec defines the desired state of a IngressRouteUDP. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `routes` (Attributes List) Routes defines the list of routes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes))

Optional:

- `entry_points` (List of String) EntryPoints defines the list of entry point names to bind to.Entry points have to be configured in the static configuration.More info: https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/v3.0/routing/entrypoints/Default: all.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes`

Optional:

- `services` (Attributes List) Services defines the list of UDP services. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--services))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--services"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.services`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name defines the name of the referenced Kubernetes Service.
- `port` (String) Port defines the port of a Kubernetes Service.This can be a reference to a named port.

Optional:

- `namespace` (String) Namespace defines the namespace of the referenced Kubernetes Service.
- `native_lb` (Boolean) NativeLB controls, when creating the load-balancer,whether the LB's children are directly the pods IPs or if the only child is the Kubernetes Service clusterIP.The Kubernetes Service itself does load-balance to the pods.By default, NativeLB is false.
- `node_port_lb` (Boolean) NodePortLB controls, when creating the load-balancer,whether the LB's children are directly the nodes internal IPs using the nodePort when the service type is NodePort.It allows services to be reachable when Traefik runs externally from the Kubernetes cluster but within the same network of the nodes.By default, NodePortLB is false.
- `weight` (Number) Weight defines the weight used when balancing requests between multiple Kubernetes Service.
