---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_traefik_io_servers_transport_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "traefik.io"
description: |-
  ServersTransport is the CRD implementation of a ServersTransport.If no serversTransport is specified, the default@internal will be used.The default@internal serversTransport is created from the static configuration.More info:
---

# k8s_traefik_io_servers_transport_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

ServersTransport is the CRD implementation of a ServersTransport.If no serversTransport is specified, the default@internal will be used.The default@internal serversTransport is created from the static configuration.More info: https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/v3.0/routing/services/#serverstransport_1

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_traefik_io_servers_transport_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
  spec = {

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) ServersTransportSpec defines the desired state of a ServersTransport. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `certificates_secrets` (List of String) CertificatesSecrets defines a list of secret storing client certificates for mTLS.
- `disable_http2` (Boolean) DisableHTTP2 disables HTTP/2 for connections with backend servers.
- `forwarding_timeouts` (Attributes) ForwardingTimeouts defines the timeouts for requests forwarded to the backend servers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--forwarding_timeouts))
- `insecure_skip_verify` (Boolean) InsecureSkipVerify disables SSL certificate verification.
- `max_idle_conns_per_host` (Number) MaxIdleConnsPerHost controls the maximum idle (keep-alive) to keep per-host.
- `peer_cert_uri` (String) PeerCertURI defines the peer cert URI used to match against SAN URI during the peer certificate verification.
- `root_c_as_secrets` (List of String) RootCAsSecrets defines a list of CA secret used to validate self-signed certificate.
- `server_name` (String) ServerName defines the server name used to contact the server.
- `spiffe` (Attributes) Spiffe defines the SPIFFE configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--spiffe))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--forwarding_timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.forwarding_timeouts`

Optional:

- `dial_timeout` (String) DialTimeout is the amount of time to wait until a connection to a backend server can be established.
- `idle_conn_timeout` (String) IdleConnTimeout is the maximum period for which an idle HTTP keep-alive connection will remain open before closing itself.
- `ping_timeout` (String) PingTimeout is the timeout after which the HTTP/2 connection will be closed if a response to ping is not received.
- `read_idle_timeout` (String) ReadIdleTimeout is the timeout after which a health check using ping frame will be carried out if no frame is received on the HTTP/2 connection.
- `response_header_timeout` (String) ResponseHeaderTimeout is the amount of time to wait for a server's response headers after fully writing the request (including its body, if any).


<a id="nestedatt--spec--spiffe"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.spiffe`

Optional:

- `ids` (List of String) IDs defines the allowed SPIFFE IDs (takes precedence over the SPIFFE TrustDomain).
- `trust_domain` (String) TrustDomain defines the allowed SPIFFE trust domain.
