---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_traefik_io_ingress_route_tcp_v1alpha1 Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "traefik.io"
description: |-
  IngressRouteTCP is the CRD implementation of a Traefik TCP Router.
---

# k8s_traefik_io_ingress_route_tcp_v1alpha1 (Data Source)

IngressRouteTCP is the CRD implementation of a Traefik TCP Router.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_traefik_io_ingress_route_tcp_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) The API group of the requested resource.
- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `kind` (String) The type of the requested resource.
- `spec` (Attributes) IngressRouteTCPSpec defines the desired state of IngressRouteTCP. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Read-Only:

- `entry_points` (List of String) EntryPoints defines the list of entry point names to bind to. Entry points have to be configured in the static configuration. More info: https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/v3.0/routing/entrypoints/ Default: all.
- `routes` (Attributes List) Routes defines the list of routes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes))
- `tls` (Attributes) TLS defines the TLS configuration on a layer 4 / TCP Route. More info: https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/v3.0/routing/routers/#tls_1 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tls))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes`

Read-Only:

- `match` (String) Match defines the router's rule. More info: https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/v3.0/routing/routers/#rule_1
- `middlewares` (Attributes List) Middlewares defines the list of references to MiddlewareTCP resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--middlewares))
- `priority` (Number) Priority defines the router's priority. More info: https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/v3.0/routing/routers/#priority_1
- `services` (Attributes List) Services defines the list of TCP services. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--services))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--middlewares"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.middlewares`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name defines the name of the referenced Traefik resource.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace defines the namespace of the referenced Traefik resource.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--services"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.services`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name defines the name of the referenced Kubernetes Service.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace defines the namespace of the referenced Kubernetes Service.
- `native_lb` (Boolean) NativeLB controls, when creating the load-balancer, whether the LB's children are directly the pods IPs or if the only child is the Kubernetes Service clusterIP. The Kubernetes Service itself does load-balance to the pods. By default, NativeLB is false.
- `port` (String) Port defines the port of a Kubernetes Service. This can be a reference to a named port.
- `proxy_protocol` (Attributes) ProxyProtocol defines the PROXY protocol configuration. More info: https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/v3.0/routing/services/#proxy-protocol (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--services--proxy_protocol))
- `servers_transport` (String) ServersTransport defines the name of ServersTransportTCP resource to use. It allows to configure the transport between Traefik and your servers. Can only be used on a Kubernetes Service.
- `tls` (Boolean) TLS determines whether to use TLS when dialing with the backend.
- `weight` (Number) Weight defines the weight used when balancing requests between multiple Kubernetes Service.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--services--proxy_protocol"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.services.weight`

Read-Only:

- `version` (Number) Version defines the PROXY Protocol version to use.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tls`

Read-Only:

- `cert_resolver` (String) CertResolver defines the name of the certificate resolver to use. Cert resolvers have to be configured in the static configuration. More info: https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/v3.0/https/acme/#certificate-resolvers
- `domains` (Attributes List) Domains defines the list of domains that will be used to issue certificates. More info: https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/v3.0/routing/routers/#domains (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tls--domains))
- `options` (Attributes) Options defines the reference to a TLSOption, that specifies the parameters of the TLS connection. If not defined, the 'default' TLSOption is used. More info: https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/v3.0/https/tls/#tls-options (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tls--options))
- `passthrough` (Boolean) Passthrough defines whether a TLS router will terminate the TLS connection.
- `secret_name` (String) SecretName is the name of the referenced Kubernetes Secret to specify the certificate details.
- `store` (Attributes) Store defines the reference to the TLSStore, that will be used to store certificates. Please note that only 'default' TLSStore can be used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tls--store))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--tls--domains"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tls.domains`

Read-Only:

- `main` (String) Main defines the main domain name.
- `sans` (List of String) SANs defines the subject alternative domain names.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tls--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tls.options`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name defines the name of the referenced Traefik resource.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace defines the namespace of the referenced Traefik resource.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tls--store"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tls.store`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name defines the name of the referenced Traefik resource.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace defines the namespace of the referenced Traefik resource.
