---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_upgrade_managed_openshift_io_upgrade_config_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "upgrade.managed.openshift.io"
description: |-
  UpgradeConfig is the Schema for the upgradeconfigs API
---

# k8s_upgrade_managed_openshift_io_upgrade_config_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

UpgradeConfig is the Schema for the upgradeconfigs API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_upgrade_managed_openshift_io_upgrade_config_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) UpgradeConfigSpec defines the desired state of UpgradeConfig and upgrade window and freeze window (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `desired` (Attributes) Specify the desired OpenShift release (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--desired))
- `pdb_force_drain_timeout` (Number) The maximum grace period granted to a node whose drain is blocked by a Pod Disruption Budget, before that drain is forced. Measured in minutes. The minimum accepted value is 0 and in this case it will trigger force drain after the expectedNodeDrainTime lapsed.
- `type` (String) Type indicates the ClusterUpgrader implementation to use to perform an upgrade of the cluster
- `upgrade_at` (String) Specify the upgrade start time

Optional:

- `capacity_reservation` (Boolean) Specify if scaling up an extra node for capacity reservation before upgrade starts is needed

<a id="nestedatt--spec--desired"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.desired`

Optional:

- `channel` (String) Channel used for upgrades
- `image` (String) Image reference used for upgrades
- `version` (String) Version of openshift release
