---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_velero_io_pod_volume_backup_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "velero.io"
description: |-
  
---

# k8s_velero_io_pod_volume_backup_v1_manifest (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_velero_io_pod_volume_backup_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) PodVolumeBackupSpec is the specification for a PodVolumeBackup. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `backup_storage_location` (String) BackupStorageLocation is the name of the backup storage locationwhere the backup repository is stored.
- `node` (String) Node is the name of the node that the Pod is running on.
- `pod` (Attributes) Pod is a reference to the pod containing the volume to be backed up. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod))
- `repo_identifier` (String) RepoIdentifier is the backup repository identifier.
- `volume` (String) Volume is the name of the volume within the Pod to be backedup.

Optional:

- `tags` (Map of String) Tags are a map of key-value pairs that should be applied to thevolume backup as tags.
- `uploader_settings` (Map of String) UploaderSettings are a map of key-value pairs that should be applied to theuploader configuration.
- `uploader_type` (String) UploaderType is the type of the uploader to handle the data transfer.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.
- `field_path` (String) If referring to a piece of an object instead of an entire object, this stringshould contain a valid JSON/Go field access statement, such as desiredState.manifest.containers[2].For example, if the object reference is to a container within a pod, this would take on a value like:'spec.containers{name}' (where 'name' refers to the name of the container that triggeredthe event) or if no container name is specified 'spec.containers[2]' (container withindex 2 in this pod). This syntax is chosen only to have some well-defined way ofreferencing a part of an object.TODO: this design is not final and this field is subject to change in the future.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent.More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `name` (String) Name of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/
- `resource_version` (String) Specific resourceVersion to which this reference is made, if any.More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `uid` (String) UID of the referent.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#uids
