---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_velero_io_data_download_v2alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "velero.io"
description: |-
  DataDownload acts as the protocol between data mover plugins and data mover controller for the datamover restore operation
---

# k8s_velero_io_data_download_v2alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

DataDownload acts as the protocol between data mover plugins and data mover controller for the datamover restore operation

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_velero_io_data_download_v2alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) DataDownloadSpec is the specification for a DataDownload. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `backup_storage_location` (String) BackupStorageLocation is the name of the backup storage locationwhere the backup repository is stored.
- `operation_timeout` (String) OperationTimeout specifies the time used to wait internal operations,before returning error as timeout.
- `snapshot_id` (String) SnapshotID is the ID of the Velero backup snapshot to be restored from.
- `source_namespace` (String) SourceNamespace is the original namespace where the volume is backed up from.It may be different from SourcePVC's namespace if namespace is remapped during restore.
- `target_volume` (Attributes) TargetVolume is the information of the target PVC and PV. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--target_volume))

Optional:

- `cancel` (Boolean) Cancel indicates request to cancel the ongoing DataDownload. It can be setwhen the DataDownload is in InProgress phase
- `data_mover_config` (Map of String) DataMoverConfig is for data-mover-specific configuration fields.
- `datamover` (String) DataMover specifies the data mover to be used by the backup.If DataMover is '' or 'velero', the built-in data mover will be used.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--target_volume"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.target_volume`

Required:

- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the target namespace
- `pv` (String) PV is the name of the target PV that is created by Velero restore
- `pvc` (String) PVC is the name of the target PVC that is created by Velero restore
