---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_vpcresources_k8s_aws_security_group_policy_v1beta1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "vpcresources.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  Custom Resource Definition for applying security groups to pods
---

# k8s_vpcresources_k8s_aws_security_group_policy_v1beta1_manifest (Data Source)

Custom Resource Definition for applying security groups to pods

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_vpcresources_k8s_aws_security_group_policy_v1beta1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
  spec = {
    pod_selector = {
      match_labels = {
        role = "my-role"
      }
    }
    security_groups = {
      group_ids = ["my_pod_security_group_id"]
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) SecurityGroupPolicySpec defines the desired state of SecurityGroupPolicy (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `pod_selector` (Attributes) A label selector is a label query over a set of resources. The result of matchLabels andmatchExpressions are ANDed. An empty label selector matches all objects. A nulllabel selector matches no objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_selector))
- `security_groups` (Attributes) GroupIds contains the list of security groups that will be applied to the network interface of the pod matching the criteria. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security_groups))
- `service_account_selector` (Attributes) A label selector is a label query over a set of resources. The result of matchLabels andmatchExpressions are ANDed. An empty label selector matches all objects. A nulllabel selector matches no objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--service_account_selector))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--security_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security_groups`

Optional:

- `group_ids` (List of String) Groups is the list of EC2 Security Groups Ids that need to be applied to the ENI of a Pod.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--service_account_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.service_account_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--service_account_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabelsmap is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', theoperator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--service_account_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.service_account_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values.Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn,the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist,the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategicmerge patch.
