---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_workload_codeflare_dev_scheduling_spec_v1beta1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "workload.codeflare.dev"
description: |-
  
---

# k8s_workload_codeflare_dev_scheduling_spec_v1beta1_manifest (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_workload_codeflare_dev_scheduling_spec_v1beta1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `dispatch_duration` (Attributes) Wall clock duration time of appwrapper in seconds. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--dispatch_duration))
- `min_available` (Number) Expected number of pods in running and/or completed state. Requeuing is triggered when the number of running/completed pods is not equal to this value. When not specified, requeuing is disabled and no check is performed.
- `node_selector` (Map of String)
- `requeuing` (Attributes) Specification of the requeuing strategy based on waiting time. Values in this field control how often the pod check should happen, and if requeuing has reached its maximum number of times. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--requeuing))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--dispatch_duration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.dispatch_duration`

Optional:

- `expected` (Number)
- `limit` (Number)
- `overrun` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--requeuing"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.requeuing`

Optional:

- `growth_type` (String) Growth strategy to increase the waiting time between requeuing checks. The values available are 'exponential', 'linear', or 'none'. For example, 'exponential' growth would double the 'timeInSeconds' value every time a requeuing event is triggered. If the string value is misspelled or not one of the possible options, the growth behavior is defaulted to 'none'.
- `initial_time_in_seconds` (Number) Value to keep track of the initial wait time. Users cannot set this as it is taken from 'timeInSeconds'.
- `max_num_requeuings` (Number) Maximum number of requeuing events allowed. Once this value is reached (e.g., 'numRequeuings = maxNumRequeuings', no more requeuing checks are performed and the generic items are stopped and removed from the cluster (AppWrapper remains deployed).
- `max_time_in_seconds` (Number) Maximum waiting time for requeuing checks.
- `num_requeuings` (Number) Field to keep track of how many times a requeuing event has been triggered.
- `time_in_seconds` (Number) Initial waiting time before requeuing conditions are checked. This value is specified by the user, but it may grow as requeuing events happen.
