---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_work_karmada_io_cluster_resource_binding_v1alpha2 Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "work.karmada.io"
description: |-
  ClusterResourceBinding represents a binding of a kubernetes resource with a ClusterPropagationPolicy.
---

# k8s_work_karmada_io_cluster_resource_binding_v1alpha2 (Data Source)

ClusterResourceBinding represents a binding of a kubernetes resource with a ClusterPropagationPolicy.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_work_karmada_io_cluster_resource_binding_v1alpha2" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.
- `spec` (Attributes) Spec represents the desired behavior. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Read-Only:

- `clusters` (Attributes List) Clusters represents target member clusters where the resource to be deployed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--clusters))
- `conflict_resolution` (String) ConflictResolution declares how potential conflict should be handled when a resource that is being propagated already exists in the target cluster.  It defaults to 'Abort' which means stop propagating to avoid unexpected overwrites. The 'Overwrite' might be useful when migrating legacy cluster resources to Karmada, in which case conflict is predictable and can be instructed to Karmada take over the resource by overwriting.
- `failover` (Attributes) Failover indicates how Karmada migrates applications in case of failures. It inherits directly from the associated PropagationPolicy(or ClusterPropagationPolicy). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--failover))
- `graceful_eviction_tasks` (Attributes List) GracefulEvictionTasks holds the eviction tasks that are expected to perform the eviction in a graceful way. The intended workflow is: 1. Once the controller(such as 'taint-manager') decided to evict the resource that is referenced by current ResourceBinding or ClusterResourceBinding from a target cluster, it removes(or scale down the replicas) the target from Clusters(.spec.Clusters) and builds a graceful eviction task. 2. The scheduler may perform a re-scheduler and probably select a substitute cluster to take over the evicting workload(resource). 3. The graceful eviction controller takes care of the graceful eviction tasks and performs the final removal after the workload(resource) is available on the substitute cluster or exceed the grace termination period(defaults to 10 minutes). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--graceful_eviction_tasks))
- `placement` (Attributes) Placement represents the rule for select clusters to propagate resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--placement))
- `propagate_deps` (Boolean) PropagateDeps tells if relevant resources should be propagated automatically. It is inherited from PropagationPolicy or ClusterPropagationPolicy. default false.
- `replica_requirements` (Attributes) ReplicaRequirements represents the requirements required by each replica. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--replica_requirements))
- `replicas` (Number) Replicas represents the replica number of the referencing resource.
- `required_by` (Attributes List) RequiredBy represents the list of Bindings that depend on the referencing resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--required_by))
- `resource` (Attributes) Resource represents the Kubernetes resource to be propagated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resource))
- `scheduler_name` (String) SchedulerName represents which scheduler to proceed the scheduling. It inherits directly from the associated PropagationPolicy(or ClusterPropagationPolicy).

<a id="nestedatt--spec--clusters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.clusters`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of target cluster.
- `replicas` (Number) Replicas in target cluster


<a id="nestedatt--spec--failover"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.failover`

Read-Only:

- `application` (Attributes) Application indicates failover behaviors in case of application failure. If this value is nil, failover is disabled. If set, the PropagateDeps should be true so that the dependencies could be migrated along with the application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--failover--application))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--failover--application"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.failover.application`

Read-Only:

- `decision_conditions` (Attributes) DecisionConditions indicates the decision conditions of performing the failover process. Only when all conditions are met can the failover process be performed. Currently, DecisionConditions includes several conditions: - TolerationSeconds (optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--failover--application--decision_conditions))
- `grace_period_seconds` (Number) GracePeriodSeconds is the maximum waiting duration in seconds before application on the migrated cluster should be deleted. Required only when PurgeMode is 'Graciously' and defaults to 600s. If the application on the new cluster cannot reach a Healthy state, Karmada will delete the application after GracePeriodSeconds is reached. Value must be positive integer.
- `purge_mode` (String) PurgeMode represents how to deal with the legacy applications on the cluster from which the application is migrated. Valid options are 'Immediately', 'Graciously' and 'Never'. Defaults to 'Graciously'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--failover--application--decision_conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.failover.application.purge_mode`

Read-Only:

- `toleration_seconds` (Number) TolerationSeconds represents the period of time Karmada should wait after reaching the desired state before performing failover process. If not specified, Karmada will immediately perform failover process. Defaults to 300s.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--graceful_eviction_tasks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.graceful_eviction_tasks`

Read-Only:

- `creation_timestamp` (String) CreationTimestamp is a timestamp representing the server time when this object was created. Clients should not set this value to avoid the time inconsistency issue. It is represented in RFC3339 form(like '2021-04-25T10:02:10Z') and is in UTC.  Populated by the system. Read-only.
- `from_cluster` (String) FromCluster which cluster the eviction perform from.
- `grace_period_seconds` (Number) GracePeriodSeconds is the maximum waiting duration in seconds before the item should be deleted. If the application on the new cluster cannot reach a Healthy state, Karmada will delete the item after GracePeriodSeconds is reached. Value must be positive integer. It can not co-exist with SuppressDeletion.
- `message` (String) Message is a human-readable message indicating details about the eviction. This may be an empty string.
- `producer` (String) Producer indicates the controller who triggered the eviction.
- `reason` (String) Reason contains a programmatic identifier indicating the reason for the eviction. Producers may define expected values and meanings for this field, and whether the values are considered a guaranteed API. The value should be a CamelCase string. This field may not be empty.
- `replicas` (Number) Replicas indicates the number of replicas should be evicted. Should be ignored for resource type that doesn't have replica.
- `suppress_deletion` (Boolean) SuppressDeletion represents the grace period will be persistent until the tools or human intervention stops it. It can not co-exist with GracePeriodSeconds.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--placement"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.placement`

Read-Only:

- `cluster_affinities` (Attributes List) ClusterAffinities represents scheduling restrictions to multiple cluster groups that indicated by ClusterAffinityTerm.  The scheduler will evaluate these groups one by one in the order they appear in the spec, the group that does not satisfy scheduling restrictions will be ignored which means all clusters in this group will not be selected unless it also belongs to the next group(a cluster could belong to multiple groups).  If none of the groups satisfy the scheduling restrictions, then scheduling fails, which means no cluster will be selected.  Note: 1. ClusterAffinities can not co-exist with ClusterAffinity. 2. If both ClusterAffinity and ClusterAffinities are not set, any cluster can be scheduling candidates.  Potential use case 1: The private clusters in the local data center could be the main group, and the managed clusters provided by cluster providers could be the secondary group. So that the Karmada scheduler would prefer to schedule workloads to the main group and the second group will only be considered in case of the main group does not satisfy restrictions(like, lack of resources).  Potential use case 2: For the disaster recovery scenario, the clusters could be organized to primary and backup groups, the workloads would be scheduled to primary clusters firstly, and when primary cluster fails(like data center power off), Karmada scheduler could migrate workloads to the backup clusters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--placement--cluster_affinities))
- `cluster_affinity` (Attributes) ClusterAffinity represents scheduling restrictions to a certain set of clusters. Note: 1. ClusterAffinity can not co-exist with ClusterAffinities. 2. If both ClusterAffinity and ClusterAffinities are not set, any cluster can be scheduling candidates. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--placement--cluster_affinity))
- `cluster_tolerations` (Attributes List) ClusterTolerations represents the tolerations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--placement--cluster_tolerations))
- `replica_scheduling` (Attributes) ReplicaScheduling represents the scheduling policy on dealing with the number of replicas when propagating resources that have replicas in spec (e.g. deployments, statefulsets) to member clusters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--placement--replica_scheduling))
- `spread_constraints` (Attributes List) SpreadConstraints represents a list of the scheduling constraints. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--placement--spread_constraints))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--placement--cluster_affinities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.placement.cluster_affinities`

Read-Only:

- `affinity_name` (String) AffinityName is the name of the cluster group.
- `cluster_names` (List of String) ClusterNames is the list of clusters to be selected.
- `exclude` (List of String) ExcludedClusters is the list of clusters to be ignored.
- `field_selector` (Attributes) FieldSelector is a filter to select member clusters by fields. The key(field) of the match expression should be 'provider', 'region', or 'zone', and the operator of the match expression should be 'In' or 'NotIn'. If non-nil and non-empty, only the clusters match this filter will be selected. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--placement--cluster_affinities--field_selector))
- `label_selector` (Attributes) LabelSelector is a filter to select member clusters by labels. If non-nil and non-empty, only the clusters match this filter will be selected. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--placement--cluster_affinities--label_selector))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--placement--cluster_affinities--field_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.placement.cluster_affinities.label_selector`

Read-Only:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) A list of field selector requirements. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--placement--cluster_affinities--label_selector--match_expressions))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--placement--cluster_affinities--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.placement.cluster_affinities.label_selector.match_expressions`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.
- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--placement--cluster_affinities--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.placement.cluster_affinities.label_selector`

Read-Only:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--placement--cluster_affinities--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--placement--cluster_affinities--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.placement.cluster_affinities.label_selector.match_expressions`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.
- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--placement--cluster_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.placement.cluster_affinity`

Read-Only:

- `cluster_names` (List of String) ClusterNames is the list of clusters to be selected.
- `exclude` (List of String) ExcludedClusters is the list of clusters to be ignored.
- `field_selector` (Attributes) FieldSelector is a filter to select member clusters by fields. The key(field) of the match expression should be 'provider', 'region', or 'zone', and the operator of the match expression should be 'In' or 'NotIn'. If non-nil and non-empty, only the clusters match this filter will be selected. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--placement--cluster_affinity--field_selector))
- `label_selector` (Attributes) LabelSelector is a filter to select member clusters by labels. If non-nil and non-empty, only the clusters match this filter will be selected. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--placement--cluster_affinity--label_selector))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--placement--cluster_affinity--field_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.placement.cluster_affinity.label_selector`

Read-Only:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) A list of field selector requirements. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--placement--cluster_affinity--label_selector--match_expressions))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--placement--cluster_affinity--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.placement.cluster_affinity.label_selector.match_expressions`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.
- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--placement--cluster_affinity--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.placement.cluster_affinity.label_selector`

Read-Only:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--placement--cluster_affinity--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--placement--cluster_affinity--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.placement.cluster_affinity.label_selector.match_expressions`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.
- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--placement--cluster_tolerations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.placement.cluster_tolerations`

Read-Only:

- `effect` (String) Effect indicates the taint effect to match. Empty means match all taint effects. When specified, allowed values are NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Key is the taint key that the toleration applies to. Empty means match all taint keys. If the key is empty, operator must be Exists; this combination means to match all values and all keys.
- `operator` (String) Operator represents a key's relationship to the value. Valid operators are Exists and Equal. Defaults to Equal. Exists is equivalent to wildcard for value, so that a pod can tolerate all taints of a particular category.
- `toleration_seconds` (Number) TolerationSeconds represents the period of time the toleration (which must be of effect NoExecute, otherwise this field is ignored) tolerates the taint. By default, it is not set, which means tolerate the taint forever (do not evict). Zero and negative values will be treated as 0 (evict immediately) by the system.
- `value` (String) Value is the taint value the toleration matches to. If the operator is Exists, the value should be empty, otherwise just a regular string.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--placement--replica_scheduling"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.placement.replica_scheduling`

Read-Only:

- `replica_division_preference` (String) ReplicaDivisionPreference determines how the replicas is divided when ReplicaSchedulingType is 'Divided'. Valid options are Aggregated and Weighted. 'Aggregated' divides replicas into clusters as few as possible, while respecting clusters' resource availabilities during the division. 'Weighted' divides replicas by weight according to WeightPreference.
- `replica_scheduling_type` (String) ReplicaSchedulingType determines how the replicas is scheduled when karmada propagating a resource. Valid options are Duplicated and Divided. 'Duplicated' duplicates the same replicas to each candidate member cluster from resource. 'Divided' divides replicas into parts according to number of valid candidate member clusters, and exact replicas for each cluster are determined by ReplicaDivisionPreference.
- `weight_preference` (Attributes) WeightPreference describes weight for each cluster or for each group of cluster If ReplicaDivisionPreference is set to 'Weighted', and WeightPreference is not set, scheduler will weight all clusters the same. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--placement--replica_scheduling--weight_preference))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--placement--replica_scheduling--weight_preference"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.placement.replica_scheduling.weight_preference`

Read-Only:

- `dynamic_weight` (String) DynamicWeight specifies the factor to generates dynamic weight list. If specified, StaticWeightList will be ignored.
- `static_weight_list` (Attributes List) StaticWeightList defines the static cluster weight. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--placement--replica_scheduling--weight_preference--static_weight_list))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--placement--replica_scheduling--weight_preference--static_weight_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.placement.replica_scheduling.weight_preference.static_weight_list`

Read-Only:

- `target_cluster` (Attributes) TargetCluster describes the filter to select clusters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--placement--replica_scheduling--weight_preference--static_weight_list--target_cluster))
- `weight` (Number) Weight expressing the preference to the cluster(s) specified by 'TargetCluster'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--placement--replica_scheduling--weight_preference--static_weight_list--target_cluster"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.placement.replica_scheduling.weight_preference.static_weight_list.weight`

Read-Only:

- `cluster_names` (List of String) ClusterNames is the list of clusters to be selected.
- `exclude` (List of String) ExcludedClusters is the list of clusters to be ignored.
- `field_selector` (Attributes) FieldSelector is a filter to select member clusters by fields. The key(field) of the match expression should be 'provider', 'region', or 'zone', and the operator of the match expression should be 'In' or 'NotIn'. If non-nil and non-empty, only the clusters match this filter will be selected. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--placement--replica_scheduling--weight_preference--static_weight_list--weight--field_selector))
- `label_selector` (Attributes) LabelSelector is a filter to select member clusters by labels. If non-nil and non-empty, only the clusters match this filter will be selected. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--placement--replica_scheduling--weight_preference--static_weight_list--weight--label_selector))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--placement--replica_scheduling--weight_preference--static_weight_list--weight--field_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.placement.replica_scheduling.weight_preference.static_weight_list.weight.label_selector`

Read-Only:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) A list of field selector requirements. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--placement--replica_scheduling--weight_preference--static_weight_list--weight--label_selector--match_expressions))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--placement--replica_scheduling--weight_preference--static_weight_list--weight--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.placement.replica_scheduling.weight_preference.static_weight_list.weight.label_selector.match_expressions`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.
- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--placement--replica_scheduling--weight_preference--static_weight_list--weight--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.placement.replica_scheduling.weight_preference.static_weight_list.weight.label_selector`

Read-Only:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--placement--replica_scheduling--weight_preference--static_weight_list--weight--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--placement--replica_scheduling--weight_preference--static_weight_list--weight--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.placement.replica_scheduling.weight_preference.static_weight_list.weight.label_selector.match_labels`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.
- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.







<a id="nestedatt--spec--placement--spread_constraints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.placement.spread_constraints`

Read-Only:

- `max_groups` (Number) MaxGroups restricts the maximum number of cluster groups to be selected.
- `min_groups` (Number) MinGroups restricts the minimum number of cluster groups to be selected. Defaults to 1.
- `spread_by_field` (String) SpreadByField represents the fields on Karmada cluster API used for dynamically grouping member clusters into different groups. Resources will be spread among different cluster groups. Available fields for spreading are: cluster, region, zone, and provider. SpreadByField should not co-exist with SpreadByLabel. If both SpreadByField and SpreadByLabel are empty, SpreadByField will be set to 'cluster' by system.
- `spread_by_label` (String) SpreadByLabel represents the label key used for grouping member clusters into different groups. Resources will be spread among different cluster groups. SpreadByLabel should not co-exist with SpreadByField.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--replica_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.replica_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `node_claim` (Attributes) NodeClaim represents the node claim HardNodeAffinity, NodeSelector and Tolerations required by each replica. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--replica_requirements--node_claim))
- `resource_request` (Map of String) ResourceRequest represents the resources required by each replica.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--replica_requirements--node_claim"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.replica_requirements.node_claim`

Read-Only:

- `hard_node_affinity` (Attributes) A node selector represents the union of the results of one or more label queries over a set of nodes; that is, it represents the OR of the selectors represented by the node selector terms. Note that only PodSpec.Affinity.NodeAffinity.RequiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution is included here because it has a hard limit on pod scheduling. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--replica_requirements--node_claim--hard_node_affinity))
- `node_selector` (Map of String) NodeSelector is a selector which must be true for the pod to fit on a node. Selector which must match a node's labels for the pod to be scheduled on that node.
- `tolerations` (Attributes List) If specified, the pod's tolerations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--replica_requirements--node_claim--tolerations))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--replica_requirements--node_claim--hard_node_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.replica_requirements.node_claim.tolerations`

Read-Only:

- `node_selector_terms` (Attributes List) Required. A list of node selector terms. The terms are ORed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--replica_requirements--node_claim--tolerations--node_selector_terms))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--replica_requirements--node_claim--tolerations--node_selector_terms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.replica_requirements.node_claim.tolerations.node_selector_terms`

Read-Only:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's labels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--replica_requirements--node_claim--tolerations--node_selector_terms--match_expressions))
- `match_fields` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--replica_requirements--node_claim--tolerations--node_selector_terms--match_fields))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--replica_requirements--node_claim--tolerations--node_selector_terms--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.replica_requirements.node_claim.tolerations.node_selector_terms.match_fields`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.
- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--replica_requirements--node_claim--tolerations--node_selector_terms--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.replica_requirements.node_claim.tolerations.node_selector_terms.match_fields`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.
- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--replica_requirements--node_claim--tolerations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.replica_requirements.node_claim.tolerations`

Read-Only:

- `effect` (String) Effect indicates the taint effect to match. Empty means match all taint effects. When specified, allowed values are NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Key is the taint key that the toleration applies to. Empty means match all taint keys. If the key is empty, operator must be Exists; this combination means to match all values and all keys.
- `operator` (String) Operator represents a key's relationship to the value. Valid operators are Exists and Equal. Defaults to Equal. Exists is equivalent to wildcard for value, so that a pod can tolerate all taints of a particular category.
- `toleration_seconds` (Number) TolerationSeconds represents the period of time the toleration (which must be of effect NoExecute, otherwise this field is ignored) tolerates the taint. By default, it is not set, which means tolerate the taint forever (do not evict). Zero and negative values will be treated as 0 (evict immediately) by the system.
- `value` (String) Value is the taint value the toleration matches to. If the operator is Exists, the value should be empty, otherwise just a regular string.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--required_by"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.required_by`

Read-Only:

- `clusters` (Attributes List) Clusters represents the scheduled result. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--required_by--clusters))
- `name` (String) Name represents the name of the Binding.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace represents the namespace of the Binding. It is required for ResourceBinding. If Namespace is not specified, means the referencing is ClusterResourceBinding.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--required_by--clusters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.required_by.clusters`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of target cluster.
- `replicas` (Number) Replicas in target cluster



<a id="nestedatt--spec--resource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resource`

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion represents the API version of the referent.
- `kind` (String) Kind represents the Kind of the referent.
- `name` (String) Name represents the name of the referent.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace represents the namespace for the referent. For non-namespace scoped resources(e.g. 'ClusterRole')，do not need specify Namespace, and for namespace scoped resources, Namespace is required. If Namespace is not specified, means the resource is non-namespace scoped.
- `resource_version` (String) ResourceVersion represents the internal version of the referenced object, that can be used by clients to determine when object has changed.
- `uid` (String) UID of the referent.
