---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_work_karmada_io_work_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "work.karmada.io"
description: |-
  Work defines a list of resources to be deployed on the member cluster.
---

# k8s_work_karmada_io_work_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

Work defines a list of resources to be deployed on the member cluster.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_work_karmada_io_work_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
  spec = {}
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) Spec represents the desired behavior of Work. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `preserve_resources_on_deletion` (Boolean) PreserveResourcesOnDeletion controls whether resources should be preserved on the member cluster when the Work object is deleted. If set to true, resources will be preserved on the member cluster. Default is false, which means resources will be deleted along with the Work object.
- `suspend_dispatching` (Boolean) SuspendDispatching controls whether dispatching should be suspended, nil means not suspend. Note: true means stop propagating to the corresponding member cluster, and does not prevent status collection.
- `workload` (Attributes) Workload represents the manifest workload to be deployed on managed cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--workload))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--workload"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.workload`

Optional:

- `manifests` (List of Map of String) Manifests represents a list of Kubernetes resources to be deployed on the managed cluster.
