---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_workload_codeflare_dev_app_wrapper_v1beta2_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "workload.codeflare.dev"
description: |-
  AppWrapper is the Schema for the appwrappers API
---

# k8s_workload_codeflare_dev_app_wrapper_v1beta2_manifest (Data Source)

AppWrapper is the Schema for the appwrappers API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_workload_codeflare_dev_app_wrapper_v1beta2_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) AppWrapperSpec defines the desired state of the AppWrapper (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `components` (Attributes List) Components lists the components contained in the AppWrapper (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--components))

Optional:

- `suspend` (Boolean) Suspend suspends the AppWrapper when set to true

<a id="nestedatt--spec--components"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.components`

Required:

- `template` (Map of String) Template defines the Kubernetes resource for the Component

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations is an unstructured key value map that may be used to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about the Component to customize its treatment by the AppWrapper controller.
- `pod_set_infos` (Attributes List) PodSetInfos assigned to the Component's PodSets by Kueue (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--components--pod_set_infos))
- `pod_sets` (Attributes List) DeclaredPodSets for the Component (optional for known PodCreating GVKs) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--components--pod_sets))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--components--pod_set_infos"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.components.pod_set_infos`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations to be added to the PodSpecTemplate
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to be added to the PodSepcTemplate
- `node_selector` (Map of String) NodeSelectors to be added to the PodSpecTemplate
- `tolerations` (Attributes List) Tolerations to be added to the PodSpecTemplate (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--components--pod_set_infos--tolerations))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--components--pod_set_infos--tolerations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.components.pod_set_infos.tolerations`

Optional:

- `effect` (String) Effect indicates the taint effect to match. Empty means match all taint effects. When specified, allowed values are NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Key is the taint key that the toleration applies to. Empty means match all taint keys. If the key is empty, operator must be Exists; this combination means to match all values and all keys.
- `operator` (String) Operator represents a key's relationship to the value. Valid operators are Exists and Equal. Defaults to Equal. Exists is equivalent to wildcard for value, so that a pod can tolerate all taints of a particular category.
- `toleration_seconds` (Number) TolerationSeconds represents the period of time the toleration (which must be of effect NoExecute, otherwise this field is ignored) tolerates the taint. By default, it is not set, which means tolerate the taint forever (do not evict). Zero and negative values will be treated as 0 (evict immediately) by the system.
- `value` (String) Value is the taint value the toleration matches to. If the operator is Exists, the value should be empty, otherwise just a regular string.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--components--pod_sets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.components.pod_sets`

Required:

- `path` (String) Path is the path Component.Template to the PodTemplateSpec for this PodSet

Optional:

- `replicas` (Number) Replicas is the number of pods in this PodSet
