---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_zonecontrol_k8s_aws_zone_disruption_budget_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "zonecontrol.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  ZoneDisruptionBudget is the Schema for the zonedisruptionbudgets API
---

# k8s_zonecontrol_k8s_aws_zone_disruption_budget_v1_manifest (Data Source)

ZoneDisruptionBudget is the Schema for the zonedisruptionbudgets API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_zonecontrol_k8s_aws_zone_disruption_budget_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) ZoneDisruptionBudgetSpec defines the desired state of ZoneDisruptionBudget (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `dry_run` (Boolean) Dryn-run mode that can be used to test the new controller before enable it
- `max_unavailable` (String) Evict pod specification is allowed if at most 'maxUnavailable' pods selected by 'selector' are unavailable in the same zone after the above operation for pod. Evictions are not allowed if there are unavailable pods in other zones.
- `selector` (Attributes) Selector label query over pods managed by the budget (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--selector))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.
