---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_zonecontrol_k8s_aws_zone_aware_update_v1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "zonecontrol.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  ZoneAwareUpdate is the Schema for the zoneawareupdates API
---

# k8s_zonecontrol_k8s_aws_zone_aware_update_v1_manifest (Data Source)

ZoneAwareUpdate is the Schema for the zoneawareupdates API

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_zonecontrol_k8s_aws_zone_aware_update_v1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) ZoneAwareUpdateSpec defines the desired state of ZoneAwareUpdate (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `dry_run` (Boolean) Dryn-run mode that can be used to test the new controller before enable it
- `exponential_factor` (String) The exponential growth rate in float string. Default value is 2.0. It's possible to disable exponential updates by setting the ExponentialFactor to 0. In this case, the number of pods updated at each step is defined only by the MaxUnavailable param.
- `ignore_alarm` (Boolean) Flag to ignore the PauseRolloutAlarm (default false)
- `max_unavailable` (String) Max number (or %) of pods that can be updated at the same time.
- `pause_rollout_alarm` (String) CW alarm name used to pause/skip updates. Alarm should be on the same account and region.
- `statefulset` (String) The name of the StatefulSet for which the ZoneAwareUpdate applies to.
