---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_zookeeper_stackable_tech_zookeeper_znode_v1alpha1_manifest Data Source - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "zookeeper.stackable.tech"
description: |-
  Auto-generated derived type for ZookeeperZnodeSpec via 'CustomResource'
---

# k8s_zookeeper_stackable_tech_zookeeper_znode_v1alpha1_manifest (Data Source)

Auto-generated derived type for ZookeeperZnodeSpec via 'CustomResource'

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "k8s_zookeeper_stackable_tech_zookeeper_znode_v1alpha1_manifest" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) A claim for a single ZooKeeper ZNode tree (filesystem node). A ConfigMap will automatically be created with the same name, containing the connection string in the field 'ZOOKEEPER'. Each ZookeeperZnode gets an isolated ZNode chroot, which the 'ZOOKEEPER' automatically contains. All data inside of this chroot will be deleted when the corresponding 'ZookeeperZnode' is. 'ZookeeperZnode' is *not* designed to manage the contents of this ZNode. Instead, it should be used to create a chroot for an installation of an application to work inside. Initializing the contents is the responsibility of the application. You can learn more about this in the [Isolating clients with ZNodes usage guide](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/zookeeper/usage_guide/isolating_clients_with_znodes). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `cluster_ref` (Attributes) The reference to the ZookeeperCluster that this ZNode belongs to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The name of the cluster
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the cluster This field is optional, and will default to the namespace of the referring object.
