---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_acme_cert_manager_io_order_v1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "acme.cert-manager.io"
description: |-
  Order is a type to represent an Order with an ACME server
---

# k8s_acme_cert_manager_io_order_v1 (Resource)

Order is a type to represent an Order with an ACME server

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_acme_cert_manager_io_order_v1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `issuer_ref` (Attributes) IssuerRef references a properly configured ACME-type Issuer which should be used to create this Order. If the Issuer does not exist, processing will be retried. If the Issuer is not an 'ACME' Issuer, an error will be returned and the Order will be marked as failed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--issuer_ref))
- `request` (String) Certificate signing request bytes in DER encoding. This will be used when finalizing the order. This field must be set on the order.

Optional:

- `common_name` (String) CommonName is the common name as specified on the DER encoded CSR. If specified, this value must also be present in 'dnsNames' or 'ipAddresses'. This field must match the corresponding field on the DER encoded CSR.
- `dns_names` (List of String) DNSNames is a list of DNS names that should be included as part of the Order validation process. This field must match the corresponding field on the DER encoded CSR.
- `duration` (String) Duration is the duration for the not after date for the requested certificate. this is set on order creation as pe the ACME spec.
- `ip_addresses` (List of String) IPAddresses is a list of IP addresses that should be included as part of the Order validation process. This field must match the corresponding field on the DER encoded CSR.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--issuer_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.issuer_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the resource being referred to.

Optional:

- `group` (String) Group of the resource being referred to.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the resource being referred to.



<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_acme_cert_manager_io_order_v1/import.sh"}}
