---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_apicodegen_apimatic_io_api_matic_v1beta1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "apicodegen.apimatic.io"
description: |-
  APIMatic is the Schema for the apimatics API
---

# k8s_apicodegen_apimatic_io_api_matic_v1beta1 (Resource)

APIMatic is the Schema for the apimatics API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_apicodegen_apimatic_io_api_matic_v1beta1" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "test"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}

resource "k8s_apicodegen_apimatic_io_api_matic_v1beta1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "apimatic-sample"
  }
  spec = {
    licensespec = {
      license_source_name = "apimaticlicense"
      license_source_type = "ConfigMap"
    }
    podspec = {
      apimatic_container_spec = {
        image             = "apimaticio/apimatic-codegen"
        image_pull_secret = "apimaticimagesecret"
      }
    }
    replicas = 3
    servicespec = {
      apimaticserviceport = {
        node_port = 32000
        port      = 8070
      }
      servicetype = "NodePort"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) APIMaticSpec defines the desired state of APIMatic (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `licensespec` (Attributes) APIMaticVolumeSpec contains configuration for volumes associated with created APIMatic pods (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--licensespec))
- `podspec` (Attributes) APIMaticPodSpec contains configuration for created APIMatic pods (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--podspec))
- `servicespec` (Attributes) APIMaticServiceSpec contains configuration for the service that exposes the APIMatic pods (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--servicespec))

Optional:

- `podplacementspec` (Attributes) APIMaticPodPlacementSpec configures the APIMatic pod scheduling policy (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--podplacementspec))
- `replicas` (Number) replicas is the desired number of instances of APIMatic. Minimum is 0. Defaults to 1 if not provided

<a id="nestedatt--spec--licensespec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.licensespec`

Required:

- `license_source_name` (String) The name of the resource that includes the APIMatic license file information.
- `license_source_type` (String) The type of resource that includes the APIMatic license file information. Valid values are ConfigMap and ConfigSecret.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--podspec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.podspec`

Required:

- `apimatic_container_spec` (Attributes) APIMaticContainerSpec defines the configurations used for the APIMatic CodeGen container (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--podspec--apimatic_container_spec))

Optional:

- `active_deadline_seconds` (Number) Optional duration in seconds the pod may be active on the node relative to StartTime before the system will actively try to mark it failed and kill associated containers. Value must be a positive integer.
- `automount_service_account_token` (Boolean) AutomountServiceAccountToken indicates whether a service account token should be automatically mounted.
- `dns_config` (Attributes) Specifies the DNS parameters of a pod. Parameters specified here will be merged to the generated DNS configuration based on DNSPolicy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--podspec--dns_config))
- `dns_policy` (String) Set DNS policy for the pod. Defaults to 'ClusterFirst'. Valid values are 'ClusterFirstWithHostNet', 'ClusterFirst', 'Default' or 'None'. DNS parameters given in DNSConfig will be merged with the policy selected with DNSPolicy. To have DNS options set along with hostNetwork, you have to specify DNS policy explicitly to 'ClusterFirstWithHostNet'.
- `enable_service_links` (Boolean) EnableServiceLinks indicates whether information about services should be injected into pod's environment variables, matching the syntax of Docker links. Optional: Defaults to true.
- `host_aliases` (Attributes List) HostAliases is an optional list of hosts and IPs that will be injected into the pod's hosts file if specified. This is only valid for non-hostNetwork pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--podspec--host_aliases))
- `host_ipc` (Boolean) Use the host's ipc namespace. Optional: Default to false.
- `host_network` (Boolean) Host networking requested for this pod. Use the host's network namespace. If this option is set, the ports that will be used must be specified. Default to false.
- `host_pid` (Boolean) Use the host's pid namespace. Optional: Default to false.
- `hostname` (String) Specifies the hostname of the Pod If not specified, the pod's hostname will be set to a system-defined value.
- `priority` (Number) The priority value. Various system components use this field to find the priority of the pod. When Priority Admission Controller is enabled, it prevents users from setting this field. The admission controller populates this field from PriorityClassName. The higher the value, the higher the priority.
- `priority_class_name` (String) If specified, indicates the pod's priority. 'system-node-critical' and 'system-cluster-critical' are two special keywords which indicate the highest priorities with the former being the highest priority. Any other name must be defined by creating a PriorityClass object with that name. If not specified, the pod priority will be default or zero if there is no default.
- `readiness_gates` (Attributes List) If specified, all readiness gates will be evaluated for pod readiness. A pod is ready when all its containers are ready AND all conditions specified in the readiness gates have status equal to 'True' More info: https://git.k8s.io/enhancements/keps/sig-network/0007-pod-ready%2B%2B.md (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--podspec--readiness_gates))
- `restart_policy` (String) Restart policy for all containers within the pod. One of Always, OnFailure, Never. Default to Always. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle/#restart-policy
- `scheduler_name` (String) If specified, the pod will be dispatched by specified scheduler. If not specified, the pod will be dispatched by default scheduler.
- `security_context` (Attributes) SecurityContext holds pod-level security attributes and common container settings. Optional: Defaults to empty.  See type description for default values of each field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--podspec--security_context))
- `service_account_name` (String) ServiceAccountName is the name of the ServiceAccount to use to run this pod. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-service-account/
- `set_hostname_as_fqdn` (Boolean) If a pod does not have FQDN, this has no effect. Default to false.
- `subdomain` (String) If specified, the fully qualified Pod hostname will be '<hostname>.<subdomain>.<pod namespace>.svc.<cluster domain>'. If not specified, the pod will not have a domainname at all.
- `termination_grace_period_seconds` (Number) Optional duration in seconds the pod needs to terminate gracefully. May be decreased in delete request. Value must be non-negative integer. The value zero indicates delete immediately. If this value is nil, the default grace period will be used instead. The grace period is the duration in seconds after the processes running in the pod are sent a termination signal and the time when the processes are forcibly halted with a kill signal. Set this value longer than the expected cleanup time for your process. Defaults to 30 seconds.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--podspec--apimatic_container_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.podspec.apimatic_container_spec`

Required:

- `image` (String) APIMatic container image

Optional:

- `image_pull_policy` (String) Image pull policy. One of Always, Never, IfNotPresent. Defaults to Always if :latest tag is specified, or IfNotPresent otherwise. Cannot be updated.More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images#updating-images
- `image_pull_secret` (String) ImagePullSecret is an optional reference to a secret in the same namespace to use for pulling the APIMatic CodeGen container image. If specified, this secrets will be passed to the puller implementation to use. For example, in the case of docker, only DockerConfig type secrets are honored. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images#specifying-imagepullsecrets-on-a-pod
- `resources` (Attributes) Resource Requirements represents the compute resource requirements of the APIMatic container (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--podspec--apimatic_container_spec--resources))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--podspec--apimatic_container_spec--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.podspec.apimatic_container_spec.resources`

Optional:

- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/



<a id="nestedatt--spec--podspec--dns_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.podspec.dns_config`

Optional:

- `nameservers` (List of String) A list of DNS name server IP addresses. This will be appended to the base nameservers generated from DNSPolicy. Duplicated nameservers will be removed.
- `options` (Attributes List) A list of DNS resolver options. This will be merged with the base options generated from DNSPolicy. Duplicated entries will be removed. Resolution options given in Options will override those that appear in the base DNSPolicy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--podspec--dns_config--options))
- `searches` (List of String) A list of DNS search domains for host-name lookup. This will be appended to the base search paths generated from DNSPolicy. Duplicated search paths will be removed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--podspec--dns_config--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.podspec.dns_config.searches`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Required.
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--podspec--host_aliases"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.podspec.host_aliases`

Optional:

- `hostnames` (List of String) Hostnames for the above IP address.
- `ip` (String) IP address of the host file entry.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--podspec--readiness_gates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.podspec.readiness_gates`

Required:

- `condition_type` (String) ConditionType refers to a condition in the pod's condition list with matching type.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--podspec--security_context"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.podspec.security_context`

Optional:

- `fs_group` (Number) A special supplemental group that applies to all containers in a pod. Some volume types allow the Kubelet to change the ownership of that volume to be owned by the pod:  1. The owning GID will be the FSGroup 2. The setgid bit is set (new files created in the volume will be owned by FSGroup) 3. The permission bits are OR'd with rw-rw----  If unset, the Kubelet will not modify the ownership and permissions of any volume.
- `fs_group_change_policy` (String) fsGroupChangePolicy defines behavior of changing ownership and permission of the volume before being exposed inside Pod. This field will only apply to volume types which support fsGroup based ownership(and permissions). It will have no effect on ephemeral volume types such as: secret, configmaps and emptydir. Valid values are 'OnRootMismatch' and 'Always'. If not specified, 'Always' is used.
- `run_as_group` (Number) The GID to run the entrypoint of the container process. Uses runtime default if unset. May also be set in SecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext and PodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence for that container.
- `run_as_non_root` (Boolean) Indicates that the container must run as a non-root user. If true, the Kubelet will validate the image at runtime to ensure that it does not run as UID 0 (root) and fail to start the container if it does. If unset or false, no such validation will be performed. May also be set in SecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext and PodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.
- `run_as_user` (Number) The UID to run the entrypoint of the container process. Defaults to user specified in image metadata if unspecified. May also be set in SecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext and PodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence for that container.
- `se_linux_options` (Attributes) The SELinux context to be applied to all containers. If unspecified, the container runtime will allocate a random SELinux context for each container.  May also be set in SecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext and PodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence for that container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--podspec--security_context--se_linux_options))
- `seccomp_profile` (Attributes) The seccomp options to use by the containers in this pod. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--podspec--security_context--seccomp_profile))
- `supplemental_groups` (List of String) A list of groups applied to the first process run in each container, in addition to the container's primary GID.  If unspecified, no groups will be added to any container.
- `sysctls` (Attributes List) Sysctls hold a list of namespaced sysctls used for the pod. Pods with unsupported sysctls (by the container runtime) might fail to launch. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--podspec--security_context--sysctls))
- `windows_options` (Attributes) The Windows specific settings applied to all containers. If unspecified, the options within a container's SecurityContext will be used. If set in both SecurityContext and PodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--podspec--security_context--windows_options))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--podspec--security_context--se_linux_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.podspec.security_context.windows_options`

Optional:

- `level` (String) Level is SELinux level label that applies to the container.
- `role` (String) Role is a SELinux role label that applies to the container.
- `type` (String) Type is a SELinux type label that applies to the container.
- `user` (String) User is a SELinux user label that applies to the container.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--podspec--security_context--seccomp_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.podspec.security_context.windows_options`

Required:

- `type` (String) type indicates which kind of seccomp profile will be applied. Valid options are:  Localhost - a profile defined in a file on the node should be used. RuntimeDefault - the container runtime default profile should be used. Unconfined - no profile should be applied.

Optional:

- `localhost_profile` (String) localhostProfile indicates a profile defined in a file on the node should be used. The profile must be preconfigured on the node to work. Must be a descending path, relative to the kubelet's configured seccomp profile location. Must only be set if type is 'Localhost'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--podspec--security_context--sysctls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.podspec.security_context.windows_options`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of a property to set
- `value` (String) Value of a property to set


<a id="nestedatt--spec--podspec--security_context--windows_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.podspec.security_context.windows_options`

Optional:

- `gmsa_credential_spec` (String) GMSACredentialSpec is where the GMSA admission webhook (https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/windows-gmsa) inlines the contents of the GMSA credential spec named by the GMSACredentialSpecName field.
- `gmsa_credential_spec_name` (String) GMSACredentialSpecName is the name of the GMSA credential spec to use.
- `run_as_user_name` (String) The UserName in Windows to run the entrypoint of the container process. Defaults to the user specified in image metadata if unspecified. May also be set in PodSecurityContext. If set in both SecurityContext and PodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--servicespec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.servicespec`

Required:

- `apimaticserviceport` (Attributes) APIMatic Service Port specifies how the APIMatic service is exposed within the pod (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--servicespec--apimaticserviceport))

Optional:

- `cluster_ip` (String) clusterIP is the IP address of the service and is usually assigned randomly. If an address is specified manually, is in-range (as per system configuration), and is not in use, it will be allocated to the service; otherwise creation of the service will fail. This field may not be changed through updates unless the type field is also being changed to ExternalName (which requires this field to be blank) or the type field is being changed from ExternalName (in which case this field may optionally be specified, as describe above).  Valid values are 'None', empty string (''), or a valid IP address. Setting this to 'None' makes a 'headless service' (no virtual IP), which is useful when direct endpoint connections are preferred and proxying is not required.  Only applies to types ClusterIP, NodePort, and LoadBalancer. If this field is specified when creating a Service of type ExternalName, creation will fail. This field will be wiped when updating a Service to type ExternalName. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#virtual-ips-and-service-proxies
- `external_i_ps` (List of String) externalIPs is a list of IP addresses for which nodes in the cluster will also accept traffic for this service.  These IPs are not managed by Kubernetes.  The user is responsible for ensuring that traffic arrives at a node with this IP.  A common example is external load-balancers that are not part of the Kubernetes system.
- `external_name` (String) externalName is the external reference that discovery mechanisms will return as an alias for this service (e.g. a DNS CNAME record). No proxying will be involved.  Must be a lowercase RFC-1123 hostname (https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc1123) and requires Type to be ExternalName
- `external_traffic_policy` (String) externalTrafficPolicy denotes if this Service desires to route external traffic to node-local or cluster-wide endpoints. 'Local' preserves the client source IP and avoids a second hop for LoadBalancer and Nodeport type services, but risks potentially imbalanced traffic spreading. 'Cluster' obscures the client source IP and may cause a second hop to another node, but should have good overall load-spreading. Only set if Type is LoadBalancer or Nodeport. If not defined for LoadBalancer or Nodeport type, defaults to Cluster.
- `health_check_node_port` (Number) healthCheckNodePort specifies the healthcheck nodePort for the service. This only applies when type is set to LoadBalancer and externalTrafficPolicy is set to Local. If a value is specified, is in-range, and is not in use, it will be used.  If not specified, a value will be automatically allocated.  External systems (e.g. load-balancers) can use this port to determine if a given node holds endpoints for this service or not.  If this field is specified when creating a Service which does not need it, creation will fail. This field will be wiped when updating a Service to no longer need it (e.g. changing type).
- `ip_families` (List of String) IPFamilies is a list of IP families (e.g. IPv4, IPv6) assigned to this service, and is gated by the 'IPv6DualStack' feature gate.  This field is usually assigned automatically based on cluster configuration and the ipFamilyPolicy field. If this field is specified manually, the requested family is available in the cluster, and ipFamilyPolicy allows it, it will be used; otherwise creation of the service will fail.  This field is conditionally mutable: it allows for adding or removing a secondary IP family, but it does not allow changing the primary IP family of the Service.  Valid values are 'IPv4' and 'IPv6'.  This field only applies to Services of types ClusterIP, NodePort, and LoadBalancer, and does apply to 'headless' services.  This field will be wiped when updating a Service to type ExternalName.  This field may hold a maximum of two entries (dual-stack families, in either order).  These families must correspond to the values of the clusterIPs field, if specified. Both clusterIPs and ipFamilies are governed by the ipFamilyPolicy field.
- `ip_family_policy` (String) IPFamilyPolicy represents the dual-stack-ness requested or required by this Service, and is gated by the 'IPv6DualStack' feature gate.  If there is no value provided, then this field will be set to SingleStack. Services can be 'SingleStack' (a single IP family), 'PreferDualStack' (two IP families on dual-stack configured clusters or a single IP family on single-stack clusters), or 'RequireDualStack' (two IP families on dual-stack configured clusters, otherwise fail). The ipFamilies and clusterIPs fields depend on the value of this field.  This field will be wiped when updating a service to type ExternalName.
- `load_balancer_ip` (String) Only applies to Service Type: LoadBalancer LoadBalancer will get created with the IP specified in this field. This feature depends on whether the underlying cloud-provider supports specifying the loadBalancerIP when a load balancer is created. This field will be ignored if the cloud-provider does not support the feature.
- `publish_not_ready_addresses` (Boolean) publishNotReadyAddresses indicates that any agent which deals with endpoints for this Service should disregard any indications of ready/not-ready. The primary use case for setting this field is for a StatefulSet's Headless Service to propagate SRV DNS records for its Pods for the purpose of peer discovery. The Kubernetes controllers that generate Endpoints and EndpointSlice resources for Services interpret this to mean that all endpoints are considered 'ready' even if the Pods themselves are not. Agents which consume only Kubernetes generated endpoints through the Endpoints or EndpointSlice resources can safely assume this behavior. Defaults to false
- `servicetype` (String) Type string describes ingress methods for a service. Valid values are ClusterIP, NodePort, LoadBalancer, ExternalName, None. Defaults to ClusterIP
- `session_affinity` (String) Supports 'ClientIP' and 'None'. Used to maintain session affinity. Enable client IP based session affinity. Must be ClientIP or None. Defaults to None. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#virtual-ips-and-service-proxies
- `session_affinity_config` (Attributes) sessionAffinityConfig contains the configurations of session affinity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--servicespec--session_affinity_config))
- `topology_keys` (List of String) topologyKeys is a preference-order list of topology keys which implementations of services should use to preferentially sort endpoints when accessing this Service, it can not be used at the same time as externalTrafficPolicy=Local. Topology keys must be valid label keys and at most 16 keys may be specified. Endpoints are chosen based on the first topology key with available backends. If this field is specified and all entries have no backends that match the topology of the client, the service has no backends for that client and connections should fail. The special value '*' may be used to mean 'any topology'. This catch-all value, if used, only makes sense as the last value in the list. If this is not specified or empty, no topology constraints will be applied. This field is alpha-level and is only honored by servers that enable the ServiceTopology feature.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--servicespec--apimaticserviceport"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.servicespec.apimaticserviceport`

Required:

- `port` (Number) The port that will be exposed by this service.

Optional:

- `name` (String) The name of the APIMatic service port within the service. This must be a DNS_LABEL. Defaults to apimatic
- `node_port` (Number) The port on each node on which this service is exposed when type is NodePort or LoadBalancer.  Usually assigned by the system. If a value is specified, in-range, and not in use it will be used, otherwise the operation will fail.  If not specified, a port will be allocated if this Service requires one.  If this field is specified when creating a Service which does not need it, creation will fail. This field will be wiped when updating a Service to no longer need it (e.g. changing type from NodePort to ClusterIP). More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#type-nodeport


<a id="nestedatt--spec--servicespec--session_affinity_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.servicespec.session_affinity_config`

Optional:

- `client_ip` (Attributes) clientIP contains the configurations of Client IP based session affinity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--servicespec--session_affinity_config--client_ip))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--servicespec--session_affinity_config--client_ip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.servicespec.session_affinity_config.client_ip`

Optional:

- `timeout_seconds` (Number) timeoutSeconds specifies the seconds of ClientIP type session sticky time. The value must be >0 && <=86400(for 1 day) if ServiceAffinity == 'ClientIP'. Default value is 10800(for 3 hours).




<a id="nestedatt--spec--podplacementspec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.podplacementspec`

Optional:

- `node_affinity` (Attributes) Describes node affinity scheduling rules for the pod. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--podplacementspec--node_affinity))
- `node_name` (String) NodeName is a request to schedule this pod onto a specific node. If it is non-empty, the scheduler simply schedules this pod onto that node, assuming that it fits resource requirements.
- `node_selector` (Map of String) NodeSelector is a selector which must be true for the pod to fit on a node. Selector which must match a node's labels for the pod to be scheduled on that node. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/assign-pod-node/
- `pod_affinity` (Attributes) Describes pod affinity scheduling rules (e.g. co-locate this pod in the same node, zone, etc. as some other pod(s)). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--podplacementspec--pod_affinity))
- `tolerations` (Attributes List) If specified, the pod's tolerations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--podplacementspec--tolerations))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--podplacementspec--node_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.podplacementspec.node_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) The scheduler will prefer to schedule pods to nodes that satisfy the affinity expressions specified by this field, but it may choose a node that violates one or more of the expressions. The node that is most preferred is the one with the greatest sum of weights, i.e. for each node that meets all of the scheduling requirements (resource request, requiredDuringScheduling affinity expressions, etc.), compute a sum by iterating through the elements of this field and adding 'weight' to the sum if the node matches the corresponding matchExpressions; the node(s) with the highest sum are the most preferred. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--podplacementspec--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes) If the affinity requirements specified by this field are not met at scheduling time, the pod will not be scheduled onto the node. If the affinity requirements specified by this field cease to be met at some point during pod execution (e.g. due to an update), the system may or may not try to eventually evict the pod from its node. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--podplacementspec--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--podplacementspec--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.podplacementspec.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `preference` (Attributes) A node selector term, associated with the corresponding weight. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--podplacementspec--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference))
- `weight` (Number) Weight associated with matching the corresponding nodeSelectorTerm, in the range 1-100.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--podplacementspec--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.podplacementspec.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.preference`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's labels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--podplacementspec--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_expressions))
- `match_fields` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--podplacementspec--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_fields))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--podplacementspec--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.podplacementspec.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.preference.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--podplacementspec--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.podplacementspec.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.preference.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--podplacementspec--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.podplacementspec.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `node_selector_terms` (Attributes List) Required. A list of node selector terms. The terms are ORed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--podplacementspec--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--podplacementspec--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.podplacementspec.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's labels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--podplacementspec--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_expressions))
- `match_fields` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--podplacementspec--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_fields))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--podplacementspec--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.podplacementspec.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--podplacementspec--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.podplacementspec.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--podplacementspec--pod_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.podplacementspec.pod_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) The scheduler will prefer to schedule pods to nodes that satisfy the affinity expressions specified by this field, but it may choose a node that violates one or more of the expressions. The node that is most preferred is the one with the greatest sum of weights, i.e. for each node that meets all of the scheduling requirements (resource request, requiredDuringScheduling affinity expressions, etc.), compute a sum by iterating through the elements of this field and adding 'weight' to the sum if the node has pods which matches the corresponding podAffinityTerm; the node(s) with the highest sum are the most preferred. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--podplacementspec--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) If the affinity requirements specified by this field are not met at scheduling time, the pod will not be scheduled onto the node. If the affinity requirements specified by this field cease to be met at some point during pod execution (e.g. due to a pod label update), the system may or may not try to eventually evict the pod from its node. When there are multiple elements, the lists of nodes corresponding to each podAffinityTerm are intersected, i.e. all terms must be satisfied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--podplacementspec--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--podplacementspec--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.podplacementspec.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `pod_affinity_term` (Attributes) Required. A pod affinity term, associated with the corresponding weight. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--podplacementspec--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term))
- `weight` (Number) weight associated with matching the corresponding podAffinityTerm, in the range 1-100.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--podplacementspec--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.podplacementspec.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matching the labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a node whose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of the selected pods is running. Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--podplacementspec--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector))
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) A label query over the set of namespaces that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces selected by this field and the ones listed in the namespaces field. null selector and null or empty namespaces list means 'this pod's namespace'. An empty selector ({}) matches all namespaces. This field is alpha-level and is only honored when PodAffinityNamespaceSelector feature is enabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--podplacementspec--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies a static list of namespace names that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces listed in this field and the ones selected by namespaceSelector. null or empty namespaces list and null namespaceSelector means 'this pod's namespace'

<a id="nestedatt--spec--podplacementspec--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.podplacementspec.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespaces`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--podplacementspec--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespaces--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--podplacementspec--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespaces--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.podplacementspec.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespaces.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--podplacementspec--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.podplacementspec.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespaces`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--podplacementspec--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespaces--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--podplacementspec--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespaces--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.podplacementspec.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespaces.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--podplacementspec--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.podplacementspec.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matching the labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a node whose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of the selected pods is running. Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--podplacementspec--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector))
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) A label query over the set of namespaces that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces selected by this field and the ones listed in the namespaces field. null selector and null or empty namespaces list means 'this pod's namespace'. An empty selector ({}) matches all namespaces. This field is alpha-level and is only honored when PodAffinityNamespaceSelector feature is enabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--podplacementspec--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies a static list of namespace names that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces listed in this field and the ones selected by namespaceSelector. null or empty namespaces list and null namespaceSelector means 'this pod's namespace'

<a id="nestedatt--spec--podplacementspec--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.podplacementspec.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--podplacementspec--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--podplacementspec--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.podplacementspec.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--podplacementspec--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.podplacementspec.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--podplacementspec--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--podplacementspec--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.podplacementspec.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespace_selector.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--podplacementspec--tolerations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.podplacementspec.tolerations`

Optional:

- `effect` (String) Effect indicates the taint effect to match. Empty means match all taint effects. When specified, allowed values are NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Key is the taint key that the toleration applies to. Empty means match all taint keys. If the key is empty, operator must be Exists; this combination means to match all values and all keys.
- `operator` (String) Operator represents a key's relationship to the value. Valid operators are Exists and Equal. Defaults to Equal. Exists is equivalent to wildcard for value, so that a pod can tolerate all taints of a particular category.
- `toleration_seconds` (Number) TolerationSeconds represents the period of time the toleration (which must be of effect NoExecute, otherwise this field is ignored) tolerates the taint. By default, it is not set, which means tolerate the taint forever (do not evict). Zero and negative values will be treated as 0 (evict immediately) by the system.
- `value` (String) Value is the taint value the toleration matches to. If the operator is Exists, the value should be empty, otherwise just a regular string.


