---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_apiextensions_crossplane_io_composite_resource_definition_v1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "apiextensions.crossplane.io"
description: |-
  A CompositeResourceDefinition defines a new kind of composite infrastructure resource. The new resource is composed of other composite or managed infrastructure resources.
---

# k8s_apiextensions_crossplane_io_composite_resource_definition_v1 (Resource)

A CompositeResourceDefinition defines a new kind of composite infrastructure resource. The new resource is composed of other composite or managed infrastructure resources.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_apiextensions_crossplane_io_composite_resource_definition_v1" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) CompositeResourceDefinitionSpec specifies the desired state of the definition. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `group` (String) Group specifies the API group of the defined composite resource. Composite resources are served under '/apis/<group>/...'. Must match the name of the XRD (in the form '<names.plural>.<group>').
- `names` (Attributes) Names specifies the resource and kind names of the defined composite resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--names))
- `versions` (Attributes List) Versions is the list of all API versions of the defined composite resource. Version names are used to compute the order in which served versions are listed in API discovery. If the version string is 'kube-like', it will sort above non 'kube-like' version strings, which are ordered lexicographically. 'Kube-like' versions start with a 'v', then are followed by a number (the major version), then optionally the string 'alpha' or 'beta' and another number (the minor version). These are sorted first by GA > beta > alpha (where GA is a version with no suffix such as beta or alpha), and then by comparing major version, then minor version. An example sorted list of versions: v10, v2, v1, v11beta2, v10beta3, v3beta1, v12alpha1, v11alpha2, foo1, foo10. Note that all versions must have identical schemas; Crossplane does not currently support conversion between different version schemas. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--versions))

Optional:

- `claim_names` (Attributes) ClaimNames specifies the names of an optional composite resource claim. When claim names are specified Crossplane will create a namespaced 'composite resource claim' CRD that corresponds to the defined composite resource. This composite resource claim acts as a namespaced proxy for the composite resource; creating, updating, or deleting the claim will create, update, or delete a corresponding composite resource. You may add claim names to an existing CompositeResourceDefinition, but they cannot be changed or removed once they have been set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--claim_names))
- `connection_secret_keys` (List of String) ConnectionSecretKeys is the list of keys that will be exposed to the end user of the defined kind. If the list is empty, all keys will be published.
- `default_composition_ref` (Attributes) DefaultCompositionRef refers to the Composition resource that will be used in case no composition selector is given. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--default_composition_ref))
- `enforced_composition_ref` (Attributes) EnforcedCompositionRef refers to the Composition resource that will be used by all composite instances whose schema is defined by this definition. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--enforced_composition_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--names"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.names`

Required:

- `kind` (String) kind is the serialized kind of the resource. It is normally CamelCase and singular. Custom resource instances will use this value as the 'kind' attribute in API calls.
- `plural` (String) plural is the plural name of the resource to serve. The custom resources are served under '/apis/<group>/<version>/.../<plural>'. Must match the name of the CustomResourceDefinition (in the form '<names.plural>.<group>'). Must be all lowercase.

Optional:

- `categories` (List of String) categories is a list of grouped resources this custom resource belongs to (e.g. 'all'). This is published in API discovery documents, and used by clients to support invocations like 'kubectl get all'.
- `list_kind` (String) listKind is the serialized kind of the list for this resource. Defaults to ''kind'List'.
- `short_names` (List of String) shortNames are short names for the resource, exposed in API discovery documents, and used by clients to support invocations like 'kubectl get <shortname>'. It must be all lowercase.
- `singular` (String) singular is the singular name of the resource. It must be all lowercase. Defaults to lowercased 'kind'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--versions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.versions`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of this version, e.g. “v1”, “v2beta1”, etc. Composite resources are served under this version at '/apis/<group>/<version>/...' if 'served' is true.
- `referenceable` (Boolean) Referenceable specifies that this version may be referenced by a Composition in order to configure which resources an XR may be composed of. Exactly one version must be marked as referenceable; all Compositions must target only the referenceable version. The referenceable version must be served.
- `served` (Boolean) Served specifies that this version should be served via REST APIs.

Optional:

- `additional_printer_columns` (Attributes List) AdditionalPrinterColumns specifies additional columns returned in Table output. If no columns are specified, a single column displaying the age of the custom resource is used. See the following link for details: https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/using-api/api-concepts/#receiving-resources-as-tables (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--versions--additional_printer_columns))
- `deprecated` (Boolean) The deprecated field specifies that this version is deprecated and should not be used.
- `deprecation_warning` (String) DeprecationWarning specifies the message that should be shown to the user when using this version.
- `schema` (Attributes) Schema describes the schema used for validation, pruning, and defaulting of this version of the defined composite resource. Fields required by all composite resources will be injected into this schema automatically, and will override equivalently named fields in this schema. Omitting this schema results in a schema that contains only the fields required by all composite resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--versions--schema))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--versions--additional_printer_columns"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.versions.additional_printer_columns`

Required:

- `json_path` (String) jsonPath is a simple JSON path (i.e. with array notation) which is evaluated against each custom resource to produce the value for this column.
- `name` (String) name is a human readable name for the column.
- `type` (String) type is an OpenAPI type definition for this column. See https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification/blob/master/versions/2.0.md#data-types for details.

Optional:

- `description` (String) description is a human readable description of this column.
- `format` (String) format is an optional OpenAPI type definition for this column. The 'name' format is applied to the primary identifier column to assist in clients identifying column is the resource name. See https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification/blob/master/versions/2.0.md#data-types for details.
- `priority` (Number) priority is an integer defining the relative importance of this column compared to others. Lower numbers are considered higher priority. Columns that may be omitted in limited space scenarios should be given a priority greater than 0.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--versions--schema"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.versions.schema`

Optional:

- `open_apiv3_schema` (Dynamic) OpenAPIV3Schema is the OpenAPI v3 schema to use for validation and pruning.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--claim_names"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.claim_names`

Required:

- `kind` (String) kind is the serialized kind of the resource. It is normally CamelCase and singular. Custom resource instances will use this value as the 'kind' attribute in API calls.
- `plural` (String) plural is the plural name of the resource to serve. The custom resources are served under '/apis/<group>/<version>/.../<plural>'. Must match the name of the CustomResourceDefinition (in the form '<names.plural>.<group>'). Must be all lowercase.

Optional:

- `categories` (List of String) categories is a list of grouped resources this custom resource belongs to (e.g. 'all'). This is published in API discovery documents, and used by clients to support invocations like 'kubectl get all'.
- `list_kind` (String) listKind is the serialized kind of the list for this resource. Defaults to ''kind'List'.
- `short_names` (List of String) shortNames are short names for the resource, exposed in API discovery documents, and used by clients to support invocations like 'kubectl get <shortname>'. It must be all lowercase.
- `singular` (String) singular is the singular name of the resource. It must be all lowercase. Defaults to lowercased 'kind'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--default_composition_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.default_composition_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the Composition.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--enforced_composition_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.enforced_composition_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the Composition.


