---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_apigatewayv2_services_k8s_aws_api_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "apigatewayv2.services.k8s.aws/v1alpha1"
description: |-
  API is the Schema for the APIS API
---

# k8s_apigatewayv2_services_k8s_aws_api_v1alpha1 (Resource)

API is the Schema for the APIS API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_apigatewayv2_services_k8s_aws_api_v1alpha1" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) ApiSpec defines the desired state of Api.  Represents an API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `api_key_selection_expression` (String)
- `basepath` (String)
- `body` (String)
- `cors_configuration` (Attributes) Represents a CORS configuration. Supported only for HTTP APIs. See Configuring CORS (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/http-api-cors.html) for more information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cors_configuration))
- `credentials_arn` (String)
- `description` (String)
- `disable_execute_api_endpoint` (Boolean)
- `disable_schema_validation` (Boolean)
- `fail_on_warnings` (Boolean)
- `name` (String)
- `protocol_type` (String)
- `route_key` (String)
- `route_selection_expression` (String)
- `tags` (Map of String)
- `target` (String)
- `version` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cors_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cors_configuration`

Optional:

- `allow_credentials` (Boolean)
- `allow_headers` (List of String) Represents a collection of allowed headers. Supported only for HTTP APIs.
- `allow_methods` (List of String) Represents a collection of methods. Supported only for HTTP APIs.
- `allow_origins` (List of String) Represents a collection of origins. Supported only for HTTP APIs.
- `expose_headers` (List of String) Represents a collection of allowed headers. Supported only for HTTP APIs.
- `max_age` (Number) An integer with a value between -1 and 86400. Supported only for HTTP APIs.


