---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_apigatewayv2_services_k8s_aws_integration_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "apigatewayv2.services.k8s.aws/v1alpha1"
description: |-
  Integration is the Schema for the Integrations API
---

# k8s_apigatewayv2_services_k8s_aws_integration_v1alpha1 (Resource)

Integration is the Schema for the Integrations API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_apigatewayv2_services_k8s_aws_integration_v1alpha1" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) IntegrationSpec defines the desired state of Integration.  Represents an integration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `integration_type` (String)

Optional:

- `api_id` (String)
- `api_ref` (Attributes) AWSResourceReferenceWrapper provides a wrapper around *AWSResourceReference type to provide more user friendly syntax for references using 'from' field Ex: APIIDRef:   from:     name: my-api (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--api_ref))
- `connection_id` (String)
- `connection_ref` (Attributes) AWSResourceReferenceWrapper provides a wrapper around *AWSResourceReference type to provide more user friendly syntax for references using 'from' field Ex: APIIDRef:   from:     name: my-api (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--connection_ref))
- `connection_type` (String)
- `content_handling_strategy` (String)
- `credentials_arn` (String)
- `description` (String)
- `integration_method` (String)
- `integration_subtype` (String)
- `integration_uri` (String)
- `passthrough_behavior` (String)
- `payload_format_version` (String)
- `request_parameters` (Map of String)
- `request_templates` (Map of String)
- `response_parameters` (Map of Map of String)
- `template_selection_expression` (String)
- `timeout_in_millis` (Number)
- `tls_config` (Attributes) The TLS configuration for a private integration. If you specify a TLS configuration, private integration traffic uses the HTTPS protocol. Supported only for HTTP APIs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tls_config))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--api_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.api_ref`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference another k8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--api_ref--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--api_ref--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.api_ref.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--connection_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.connection_ref`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference another k8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--connection_ref--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--connection_ref--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.connection_ref.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--tls_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tls_config`

Optional:

- `server_name_to_verify` (String) A string with a length between [1-512].


