---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_apigatewayv2_services_k8s_aws_authorizer_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "apigatewayv2.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  Authorizer is the Schema for the Authorizers API
---

# k8s_apigatewayv2_services_k8s_aws_authorizer_v1alpha1 (Resource)

Authorizer is the Schema for the Authorizers API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_apigatewayv2_services_k8s_aws_authorizer_v1alpha1" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) AuthorizerSpec defines the desired state of Authorizer.  Represents an authorizer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `authorizer_type` (String)
- `identity_source` (List of String)
- `name` (String)

Optional:

- `api_id` (String)
- `api_ref` (Attributes) AWSResourceReferenceWrapper provides a wrapper around *AWSResourceReference type to provide more user friendly syntax for references using 'from' field Ex: APIIDRef:   from:     name: my-api (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--api_ref))
- `authorizer_credentials_arn` (String)
- `authorizer_payload_format_version` (String)
- `authorizer_result_ttl_in_seconds` (Number)
- `authorizer_uri` (String)
- `enable_simple_responses` (Boolean)
- `identity_validation_expression` (String)
- `jwt_configuration` (Attributes) Represents the configuration of a JWT authorizer. Required for the JWT authorizer type. Supported only for HTTP APIs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--jwt_configuration))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--api_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.api_ref`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference another k8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--api_ref--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--api_ref--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.api_ref.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--jwt_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.jwt_configuration`

Optional:

- `audience` (List of String)
- `issuer` (String) A string representation of a URI with a length between [1-2048].


