---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_apps_gitlab_com_runner_v1beta2 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "apps.gitlab.com/v1beta2"
description: |-
  Runner is the open source project used to run your jobs and send the results back to GitLab
---

# k8s_apps_gitlab_com_runner_v1beta2 (Resource)

Runner is the open source project used to run your jobs and send the results back to GitLab

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_apps_gitlab_com_runner_v1beta2" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "test"
    namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) Specification of the desired behavior of a GitLab Runner instance (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `gitlab_url` (String) The fully qualified domain name for the GitLab instance. For example, https://gitlab.example.com
- `token` (String) Name of secret containing the 'runner-registration-token' key used to register the runner

Optional:

- `azure` (Attributes) options used to setup Azure blob storage as GitLab Runner Cache (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--azure))
- `build_image` (String) The name of the default image to use to run build jobs, when none is specified
- `ca` (String) Name of tls secret containing the custom certificate authority (CA) certificates
- `cache_path` (String) Path defines the Runner Cache path
- `cache_shared` (Boolean) Enable sharing of cache between Runners
- `cache_type` (String) Type of cache used for Runner artifacts Options are: gcs, s3, azure
- `clone_url` (String) If specified, overrides the default URL used to clone or fetch the Git ref
- `concurrent` (Number) Option to limit the number of jobs globally that can run concurrently. The operator sets this to 10, if not specified
- `config` (String) allow user to provide configmap name containing the user provided config.toml
- `env` (String) Accepts configmap name. Provides user mechanism to inject environment variables in the GitLab Runner pod via the key value pairs in the ConfigMap
- `gcs` (Attributes) options used to setup GCS (Google Container Storage) as GitLab Runner Cache (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--gcs))
- `helper_image` (String) If specified, overrides the default GitLab Runner helper image
- `image_pull_policy` (String) ImagePullPolicy sets the Image pull policy. One of Always, Never, IfNotPresent. Defaults to Always if :latest tag is specified, or IfNotPresent otherwise. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images#updating-images
- `interval` (Number) Option to define the number of seconds between checks for new jobs. This is set to a default of 30s by operator if not set
- `locked` (Boolean) Specify whether the runner should be locked to a specific project. Defaults to false.
- `protected` (Boolean) Specify whether the runner should only run protected branches. Defaults to false.
- `run_untagged` (Boolean) Specify if jobs without tags should be run. If not specified, runner will default to true if no tags were specified. In other case it will default to false.
- `runner_image` (String) If specified, overrides the default GitLab Runner image. Default is the Runner image the operator was bundled with.
- `s3` (Attributes) options used to setup S3 object store as GitLab Runner Cache (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--s3))
- `serviceaccount` (String) allow user to override service account used by GitLab Runner
- `tags` (String) List of comma separated tags to be applied to the runner More info: https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ci/runners/#use-tags-to-limit-the-number-of-jobs-using-the-runner

<a id="nestedatt--spec--azure"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.azure`

Optional:

- `container` (String) Name of the Azure container in which the cache will be stored
- `credentials` (String) Credentials secret contains 'accountName' and 'privateKey' used to authenticate against Azure blob storage
- `storage_domain` (String) The domain name of the Azure blob storage e.g. blob.core.windows.net


<a id="nestedatt--spec--gcs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.gcs`

Optional:

- `bucket` (String) Name of the bucket in which the cache will be stored
- `credentials` (String) contains the GCS 'access-id' and 'private-key'
- `credentials_file` (String) Takes GCS credentials file, 'keys.json'


<a id="nestedatt--spec--s3"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.s3`

Optional:

- `bucket` (String) Name of the bucket in which the cache will be stored
- `credentials` (String) Name of the secret containing the 'accesskey' and 'secretkey' used to access the object storage
- `insecure` (Boolean) Use insecure connections or HTTP
- `location` (String) Name of the S3 region in use
- `server` (String)


