---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_apps_clusternet_io_helm_release_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "apps.clusternet.io"
description: |-
  HelmRelease is the Schema for the helm release
---

# k8s_apps_clusternet_io_helm_release_v1alpha1 (Resource)

HelmRelease is the Schema for the helm release

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_apps_clusternet_io_helm_release_v1alpha1" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
  spec = {
    chart            = "some-helm-chart"
    repo             = "https://example.com/charts"
    target_namespace = "some-namespace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) HelmReleaseSpec defines the spec of HelmRelease (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `chart` (String) Chart is the name of a Helm Chart in the Repository.
- `repo` (String) a Helm Repository to be used. OCI-based registries are also supported. For example, https://charts.bitnami.com/bitnami or oci://localhost:5000/helm-charts
- `target_namespace` (String) TargetNamespace specifies the namespace to install the chart

Optional:

- `atomic` (Boolean) Atomic, if true, for install case, will uninstall failed release, for upgrade case, will roll back on failure.
- `chart_pull_secret` (Attributes) ChartPullSecret is the name of the secret that contains the auth information for the chart repository. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--chart_pull_secret))
- `create_namespace` (Boolean) CreateNamespace create namespace when install helm release
- `disable_hooks` (Boolean) DisableHooks disables hook processing if set to true.
- `force` (Boolean) Force will, if set to 'true', ignore certain warnings and perform the upgrade anyway. This should be used with caution.
- `overrides` (String) Overrides specifies the override values for this release.
- `release_name` (String) ReleaseName specifies the desired release name in child cluster. If nil, the default release name will be in the format of '{Description Name}-{HelmChart Namespace}-{HelmChart Name}'
- `replace` (Boolean) Replace will re-use the given name, only if that name is a deleted release that remains in the history. This is unsafe in production.
- `skip_cr_ds` (Boolean) SkipCRDs skips installing CRDs when install flag is enabled during upgrade
- `timeout_seconds` (Number) TimeoutSeconds is the timeout of the chart to be install/upgrade/rollback/uninstall
- `version` (String) ChartVersion is the version of the chart to be deployed. It will be defaulted with current latest version if empty.
- `wait` (Boolean) Wait determines whether the wait operation should be performed after the upgrade is requested.
- `wait_for_job` (Boolean) WaitForJobs determines whether the wait operation for the Jobs should be performed after the upgrade is requested.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--chart_pull_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.chart_pull_secret`

Optional:

- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


