---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_apps_kubeedge_io_edge_application_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "apps.kubeedge.io"
description: |-
  EdgeApplication is the Schema for the edgeapplications API
---

# k8s_apps_kubeedge_io_edge_application_v1alpha1 (Resource)

EdgeApplication is the Schema for the edgeapplications API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_apps_kubeedge_io_edge_application_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) Spec represents the desired behavior of EdgeApplication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `workload_scope` (Attributes) WorkloadScope represents which node groups the workload will be deployed in. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--workload_scope))

Optional:

- `workload_template` (Attributes) WorkloadTemplate contains original templates of resources to be deployed as an EdgeApplication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--workload_template))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--workload_scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.workload_scope`

Optional:

- `target_node_groups` (Attributes List) TargetNodeGroups represents the target node groups of workload to be deployed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--workload_scope--target_node_groups))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--workload_scope--target_node_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.workload_scope.target_node_groups`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name represents the name of target node group

Optional:

- `overriders` (Attributes) Overriders represents the override rules that would apply on workload. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--workload_scope--target_node_groups--overriders))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--workload_scope--target_node_groups--overriders"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.workload_scope.target_node_groups.overriders`

Optional:

- `image_overriders` (Attributes List) ImageOverriders represents the rules dedicated to handling image overrides. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--workload_scope--target_node_groups--overriders--image_overriders))
- `replicas` (Number) Replicas will override the replicas field of deployment

<a id="nestedatt--spec--workload_scope--target_node_groups--overriders--image_overriders"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.workload_scope.target_node_groups.overriders.image_overriders`

Required:

- `component` (String) Component is part of image name. Basically we presume an image can be made of '[registry/]repository[:tag]'. The registry could be: - k8s.gcr.io - fictional.registry.example:10443 The repository could be: - kube-apiserver - fictional/nginx The tag cloud be: - latest - v1.19.1 - @sha256:dbcc1c35ac38df41fd2f5e4130b32ffdb93ebae8b3dbe638c23575912276fc9c
- `operator` (String) Operator represents the operator which will apply on the image.

Optional:

- `predicate` (Attributes) Predicate filters images before applying the rule.  Defaults to nil, in that case, the system will automatically detect image fields if the resource type is Pod, ReplicaSet, Deployment or StatefulSet by following rule:   - Pod: /spec/containers/<N>/image   - ReplicaSet: /spec/template/spec/containers/<N>/image   - Deployment: /spec/template/spec/containers/<N>/image   - StatefulSet: /spec/template/spec/containers/<N>/image In addition, all images will be processed if the resource object has more than one containers.  If not nil, only images matches the filters will be processed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--workload_scope--target_node_groups--overriders--image_overriders--predicate))
- `value` (String) Value to be applied to image. Must not be empty when operator is 'add' or 'replace'. Defaults to empty and ignored when operator is 'remove'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--workload_scope--target_node_groups--overriders--image_overriders--predicate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.workload_scope.target_node_groups.overriders.image_overriders.value`

Required:

- `path` (String) Path indicates the path of target field






<a id="nestedatt--spec--workload_template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.workload_template`

Optional:

- `manifests` (List of Map of String) Manifests represent a list of Kubernetes resources to be deployed on the managed node groups.



<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_apps_kubeedge_io_edge_application_v1alpha1/import.sh"}}
