---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_apps_clusternet_io_globalization_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "apps.clusternet.io"
description: |-
  Globalization represents the cluster-scoped override config for a group of resources.
---

# k8s_apps_clusternet_io_globalization_v1alpha1 (Resource)

Globalization represents the cluster-scoped override config for a group of resources.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_apps_clusternet_io_globalization_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) GlobalizationSpec defines the desired state of Globalization (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `cluster_affinity` (Attributes) ClusterAffinity is a label query over managed clusters by labels. If no labels are specified, all clusters will be selected. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_affinity))
- `feed` (Attributes) Feed holds references to the objects the Globalization applies to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--feed))
- `override_policy` (String) OverridePolicy specifies the override policy for this Globalization.
- `overrides` (Attributes List) Overrides holds all the OverrideConfig. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--overrides))
- `priority` (Number) Priority is an integer defining the relative importance of this Globalization compared to others. Lower numbers are considered lower priority. And these Globalization(s) will be applied by order from lower priority to higher. That means override values in lower Globalization will be overridden by those in higher Globalization.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_affinity`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_affinity--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_affinity--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_affinity.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--feed"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.feed`

Required:

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. In CamelCase.
- `name` (String) Name of the target resource.

Optional:

- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the target resource.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--overrides"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.overrides`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type specifies the override type for override value.
- `value` (String) Value represents override value.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name indicate the OverrideConfig name.
- `override_chart` (Boolean) OverrideChart indicates whether the override value for the HelmChart CR.



<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_apps_clusternet_io_globalization_v1alpha1/import.sh"}}
