---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_apps_clusternet_io_subscription_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "apps.clusternet.io"
description: |-
  Subscription represents the policy that install a group of resources to one or more clusters.
---

# k8s_apps_clusternet_io_subscription_v1alpha1 (Resource)

Subscription represents the policy that install a group of resources to one or more clusters.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_apps_clusternet_io_subscription_v1alpha1" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
  spec = {
    feeds       = []
    subscribers = []
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) SubscriptionSpec defines the desired state of Subscription (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `feeds` (Attributes List) Feeds (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--feeds))
- `subscribers` (Attributes List) Subscribers subscribes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--subscribers))

Optional:

- `cluster_tolerations` (Attributes List) ClusterTolerations tolerates any matched taints of ManagedCluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_tolerations))
- `dividing_scheduling` (Attributes) Dividing scheduling config params. Present only if SchedulingStrategy = Dividing. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--dividing_scheduling))
- `scheduler_name` (String) If specified, the Subscription will be handled by specified scheduler. If not specified, the Subscription will be handled by default scheduler.
- `scheduling_strategy` (String) If specified, the Subscription will be handled with specified SchedulingStrategy. Otherwise, with generic SchedulingStrategy.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--feeds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.feeds`

Required:

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. In CamelCase.
- `name` (String) Name of the target resource.

Optional:

- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the target resource.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--subscribers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.subscribers`

Required:

- `cluster_affinity` (Attributes) ClusterAffinity is a label query over managed clusters by labels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--subscribers--cluster_affinity))

Optional:

- `weight` (Number) Static weight of subscriber when dividing replicas. Present only for static divided scheduling.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--subscribers--cluster_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.subscribers.cluster_affinity`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--subscribers--cluster_affinity--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--subscribers--cluster_affinity--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.subscribers.cluster_affinity.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_tolerations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_tolerations`

Optional:

- `effect` (String) Effect indicates the taint effect to match. Empty means match all taint effects. When specified, allowed values are NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Key is the taint key that the toleration applies to. Empty means match all taint keys. If the key is empty, operator must be Exists; this combination means to match all values and all keys.
- `operator` (String) Operator represents a key's relationship to the value. Valid operators are Exists and Equal. Defaults to Equal. Exists is equivalent to wildcard for value, so that a pod can tolerate all taints of a particular category.
- `toleration_seconds` (Number) TolerationSeconds represents the period of time the toleration (which must be of effect NoExecute, otherwise this field is ignored) tolerates the taint. By default, it is not set, which means tolerate the taint forever (do not evict). Zero and negative values will be treated as 0 (evict immediately) by the system.
- `value` (String) Value is the taint value the toleration matches to. If the operator is Exists, the value should be empty, otherwise just a regular string.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--dividing_scheduling"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.dividing_scheduling`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type of dividing replica scheduling.

Optional:

- `dynamic_dividing` (Attributes) DynamicDividing describes how to divide replicas into target clusters dynamically. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--dividing_scheduling--dynamic_dividing))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--dividing_scheduling--dynamic_dividing"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.dividing_scheduling.dynamic_dividing`

Required:

- `strategy` (String) Type of dynamic dividing replica strategy.

Optional:

- `max_clusters` (Number) MaxClusters describes the upper bound number of target clusters.
- `min_clusters` (Number) MinClusters describes the lower bound number of target clusters.
- `preferred_clusters` (Attributes List) PreferredClusters describes the assigning preference. If we have a preference for cluster group A compared to cluster group B (i.e., group A has a larger Weight), desired replicas will be assigned to cluster group A as many as possible, while the rest ones will be assigned to cluster group B. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--dividing_scheduling--dynamic_dividing--preferred_clusters))
- `topology_spread_constraints` (Attributes List) TopologySpreadConstraints describes how a group of replicas ought to spread across topology domains. Scheduler will schedule pods in a way which abides by the constraints. All topologySpreadConstraints are ANDed. Present only for spread divided scheduling. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--dividing_scheduling--dynamic_dividing--topology_spread_constraints))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--dividing_scheduling--dynamic_dividing--preferred_clusters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.dividing_scheduling.dynamic_dividing.topology_spread_constraints`

Required:

- `preference` (Attributes) A node selector term, associated with the corresponding weight. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--dividing_scheduling--dynamic_dividing--topology_spread_constraints--preference))
- `weight` (Number) Weight associated with matching the corresponding nodeSelectorTerm, in the range 1-100.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--dividing_scheduling--dynamic_dividing--topology_spread_constraints--preference"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.dividing_scheduling.dynamic_dividing.topology_spread_constraints.preference`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's labels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--dividing_scheduling--dynamic_dividing--topology_spread_constraints--preference--match_expressions))
- `match_fields` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--dividing_scheduling--dynamic_dividing--topology_spread_constraints--preference--match_fields))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--dividing_scheduling--dynamic_dividing--topology_spread_constraints--preference--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.dividing_scheduling.dynamic_dividing.topology_spread_constraints.preference.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--dividing_scheduling--dynamic_dividing--topology_spread_constraints--preference--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.dividing_scheduling.dynamic_dividing.topology_spread_constraints.preference.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--dividing_scheduling--dynamic_dividing--topology_spread_constraints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.dividing_scheduling.dynamic_dividing.topology_spread_constraints`

Required:

- `max_skew` (Number) MaxSkew describes the degree to which pods may be unevenly distributed. When 'whenUnsatisfiable=DoNotSchedule', it is the maximum permitted difference between the number of matching pods in the target topology and the global minimum. For example, in a 3-zone cluster, MaxSkew is set to 1, and pods with the same labelSelector spread as 1/1/0: | zone1 | zone2 | zone3 | |   P   |   P   |       | - if MaxSkew is 1, incoming pod can only be scheduled to zone3 to become 1/1/1; scheduling it onto zone1(zone2) would make the ActualSkew(2-0) on zone1(zone2) violate MaxSkew(1). - if MaxSkew is 2, incoming pod can be scheduled onto any zone. When 'whenUnsatisfiable=ScheduleAnyway', it is used to give higher precedence to topologies that satisfy it. It's a required field. Default value is 1 and 0 is not allowed.
- `topology_key` (String) TopologyKey is the key of node labels. Nodes that have a label with this key and identical values are considered to be in the same topology. We consider each <key, value> as a 'bucket', and try to put balanced number of pods into each bucket. It's a required field.
- `when_unsatisfiable` (String) WhenUnsatisfiable indicates how to deal with a pod if it doesn't satisfy the spread constraint. - DoNotSchedule (default) tells the scheduler not to schedule it. - ScheduleAnyway tells the scheduler to schedule the pod in any location,   but giving higher precedence to topologies that would help reduce the   skew. A constraint is considered 'Unsatisfiable' for an incoming pod if and only if every possible node assignment for that pod would violate 'MaxSkew' on some topology. For example, in a 3-zone cluster, MaxSkew is set to 1, and pods with the same labelSelector spread as 3/1/1: | zone1 | zone2 | zone3 | | P P P |   P   |   P   | If WhenUnsatisfiable is set to DoNotSchedule, incoming pod can only be scheduled to zone2(zone3) to become 3/2/1(3/1/2) as ActualSkew(2-1) on zone2(zone3) satisfies MaxSkew(1). In other words, the cluster can still be imbalanced, but scheduler won't make it *more* imbalanced. It's a required field.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) LabelSelector is used to find matching pods. Pods that match this label selector are counted to determine the number of pods in their corresponding topology domain. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--dividing_scheduling--dynamic_dividing--topology_spread_constraints--label_selector))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--dividing_scheduling--dynamic_dividing--topology_spread_constraints--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.dividing_scheduling.dynamic_dividing.topology_spread_constraints.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--dividing_scheduling--dynamic_dividing--topology_spread_constraints--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--dividing_scheduling--dynamic_dividing--topology_spread_constraints--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.dividing_scheduling.dynamic_dividing.topology_spread_constraints.label_selector.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.


