---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_argoproj_io_argo_cd_export_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "argoproj.io"
description: |-
  ArgoCDExport is the Schema for the argocdexports API
---

# k8s_argoproj_io_argo_cd_export_v1alpha1 (Resource)

ArgoCDExport is the Schema for the argocdexports API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_argoproj_io_argo_cd_export_v1alpha1" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
}

resource "k8s_argoproj_io_argo_cd_export_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
  spec = {
    argocd = "argocd-sample"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) ArgoCDExportSpec defines the desired state of ArgoCDExport (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `argocd` (String) Argocd is the name of the ArgoCD instance to export.

Optional:

- `image` (String) Image is the container image to use for the export Job.
- `schedule` (String) Schedule in Cron format, see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cron.
- `storage` (Attributes) Storage defines the storage configuration options. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage))
- `version` (String) Version is the tag/digest to use for the export Job container image.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage`

Optional:

- `backend` (String) Backend defines the storage backend to use, must be 'local' (the default), 'aws', 'azure' or 'gcp'.
- `pvc` (Attributes) PVC is the desired characteristics for a PersistentVolumeClaim. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--pvc))
- `secret_name` (String) SecretName is the name of a Secret with encryption key, credentials, etc.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--pvc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.pvc`

Optional:

- `access_modes` (List of String) AccessModes contains the desired access modes the volume should have. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#access-modes-1
- `data_source` (Attributes) This field can be used to specify either: * An existing VolumeSnapshot object (snapshot.storage.k8s.io/VolumeSnapshot) * An existing PVC (PersistentVolumeClaim) If the provisioner or an external controller can support the specified data source, it will create a new volume based on the contents of the specified data source. If the AnyVolumeDataSource feature gate is enabled, this field will always have the same contents as the DataSourceRef field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--pvc--data_source))
- `data_source_ref` (Attributes) Specifies the object from which to populate the volume with data, if a non-empty volume is desired. This may be any local object from a non-empty API group (non core object) or a PersistentVolumeClaim object. When this field is specified, volume binding will only succeed if the type of the specified object matches some installed volume populator or dynamic provisioner. This field will replace the functionality of the DataSource field and as such if both fields are non-empty, they must have the same value. For backwards compatibility, both fields (DataSource and DataSourceRef) will be set to the same value automatically if one of them is empty and the other is non-empty. There are two important differences between DataSource and DataSourceRef: * While DataSource only allows two specific types of objects, DataSourceRef   allows any non-core object, as well as PersistentVolumeClaim objects. * While DataSource ignores disallowed values (dropping them), DataSourceRef   preserves all values, and generates an error if a disallowed value is   specified. (Alpha) Using this field requires the AnyVolumeDataSource feature gate to be enabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--pvc--data_source_ref))
- `resources` (Attributes) Resources represents the minimum resources the volume should have. If RecoverVolumeExpansionFailure feature is enabled users are allowed to specify resource requirements that are lower than previous value but must still be higher than capacity recorded in the status field of the claim. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#resources (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--pvc--resources))
- `selector` (Attributes) A label query over volumes to consider for binding. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--pvc--selector))
- `storage_class_name` (String) Name of the StorageClass required by the claim. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#class-1
- `volume_mode` (String) volumeMode defines what type of volume is required by the claim. Value of Filesystem is implied when not included in claim spec.
- `volume_name` (String) VolumeName is the binding reference to the PersistentVolume backing this claim.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--pvc--data_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.pvc.volume_name`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind is the type of resource being referenced
- `name` (String) Name is the name of resource being referenced

Optional:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup is the group for the resource being referenced. If APIGroup is not specified, the specified Kind must be in the core API group. For any other third-party types, APIGroup is required.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--pvc--data_source_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.pvc.volume_name`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind is the type of resource being referenced
- `name` (String) Name is the name of resource being referenced

Optional:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup is the group for the resource being referenced. If APIGroup is not specified, the specified Kind must be in the core API group. For any other third-party types, APIGroup is required.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--pvc--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.pvc.volume_name`

Optional:

- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/


<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--pvc--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.pvc.volume_name`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--storage--pvc--volume_name--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--storage--pvc--volume_name--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.storage.pvc.volume_name.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.


