---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_autoscaling_horizontal_pod_autoscaler_v1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "autoscaling"
description: |-
  configuration of a horizontal pod autoscaler.
---

# k8s_autoscaling_horizontal_pod_autoscaler_v1 (Resource)

configuration of a horizontal pod autoscaler.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_autoscaling_horizontal_pod_autoscaler_v1" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
}

resource "k8s_autoscaling_horizontal_pod_autoscaler_v1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
  spec = {
    max_replicas = 10
    min_replicas = 8

    scale_target_ref = {
      kind = "Deployment"
      name = "MyApp"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) specification of a horizontal pod autoscaler. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `max_replicas` (Number) upper limit for the number of pods that can be set by the autoscaler; cannot be smaller than MinReplicas.
- `scale_target_ref` (Attributes) CrossVersionObjectReference contains enough information to let you identify the referred resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scale_target_ref))

Optional:

- `min_replicas` (Number) minReplicas is the lower limit for the number of replicas to which the autoscaler can scale down.  It defaults to 1 pod.  minReplicas is allowed to be 0 if the alpha feature gate HPAScaleToZero is enabled and at least one Object or External metric is configured.  Scaling is active as long as at least one metric value is available.
- `target_cpu_utilization_percentage` (Number) target average CPU utilization (represented as a percentage of requested CPU) over all the pods; if not specified the default autoscaling policy will be used.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scale_target_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scale_target_ref`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent; More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `name` (String) Name of the referent; More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/identifiers#names

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent


