---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_autoscaling_k8s_elastic_co_elasticsearch_autoscaler_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "autoscaling.k8s.elastic.co/v1alpha1"
description: |-
  ElasticsearchAutoscaler represents an ElasticsearchAutoscaler resource in a Kubernetes cluster.
---

# k8s_autoscaling_k8s_elastic_co_elasticsearch_autoscaler_v1alpha1 (Resource)

ElasticsearchAutoscaler represents an ElasticsearchAutoscaler resource in a Kubernetes cluster.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_autoscaling_k8s_elastic_co_elasticsearch_autoscaler_v1alpha1" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) ElasticsearchAutoscalerSpec holds the specification of an Elasticsearch autoscaler resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `policies` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--policies))

Optional:

- `elasticsearch_ref` (Attributes) ElasticsearchRef is a reference to an Elasticsearch cluster that exists in the same namespace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--elasticsearch_ref))
- `polling_period` (String) PollingPeriod is the period at which to synchronize with the Elasticsearch autoscaling API.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.policies`

Required:

- `resources` (Attributes) AutoscalingResources model the limits, submitted by the user, for the supported resources in an autoscaling policy. Only the node count range is mandatory. For other resources, a limit range is required only if the Elasticsearch autoscaling capacity API returns a requirement for a given resource. For example, the memory limit range is only required if the autoscaling API response contains a memory requirement. If there is no limit range for a resource, and if that resource is not mandatory, then the resources in the NodeSets managed by the autoscaling policy are left untouched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--policies--resources))

Optional:

- `deciders` (Map of Map of String) Deciders allow the user to override default settings for autoscaling deciders.
- `name` (String) Name identifies the autoscaling policy in the autoscaling specification.
- `roles` (List of String) An autoscaling policy must target a unique set of roles.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--policies--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.policies.resources`

Required:

- `node_count` (Attributes) NodeCountRange is used to model the minimum and the maximum number of nodes over all the NodeSets managed by the same autoscaling policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--policies--resources--node_count))

Optional:

- `cpu` (Attributes) QuantityRange models a resource limit range for resources which can be expressed with resource.Quantity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--policies--resources--cpu))
- `memory` (Attributes) QuantityRange models a resource limit range for resources which can be expressed with resource.Quantity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--policies--resources--memory))
- `storage` (Attributes) QuantityRange models a resource limit range for resources which can be expressed with resource.Quantity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--policies--resources--storage))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--policies--resources--node_count"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.policies.resources.storage`

Required:

- `max` (Number) Max represents the maximum number of nodes in a tier.
- `min` (Number) Min represents the minimum number of nodes in a tier.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--policies--resources--cpu"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.policies.resources.storage`

Required:

- `max` (String) Max represents the upper limit for the resources managed by the autoscaler.
- `min` (String) Min represents the lower limit for the resources managed by the autoscaler.

Optional:

- `requests_to_limits_ratio` (String) RequestsToLimitsRatio allows to customize Kubernetes resource Limit based on the Request.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--policies--resources--memory"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.policies.resources.storage`

Required:

- `max` (String) Max represents the upper limit for the resources managed by the autoscaler.
- `min` (String) Min represents the lower limit for the resources managed by the autoscaler.

Optional:

- `requests_to_limits_ratio` (String) RequestsToLimitsRatio allows to customize Kubernetes resource Limit based on the Request.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--policies--resources--storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.policies.resources.storage`

Required:

- `max` (String) Max represents the upper limit for the resources managed by the autoscaler.
- `min` (String) Min represents the lower limit for the resources managed by the autoscaler.

Optional:

- `requests_to_limits_ratio` (String) RequestsToLimitsRatio allows to customize Kubernetes resource Limit based on the Request.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--elasticsearch_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.elasticsearch_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the Elasticsearch resource to scale automatically.


