---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_bus_volcano_sh_command_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "bus.volcano.sh"
description: |-
  Command defines command structure.
---

# k8s_bus_volcano_sh_command_v1alpha1 (Resource)

Command defines command structure.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_bus_volcano_sh_command_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `action` (String) Action defines the action that will be took to the target object.
- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `message` (String) Human-readable message indicating details of this command.
- `reason` (String) Unique, one-word, CamelCase reason for this command.
- `target` (Attributes) TargetObject defines the target object of this command. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target`

Required:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/identifiers#names
- `uid` (String) UID of the referent. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/identifiers#uids

Optional:

- `block_owner_deletion` (Boolean) If true, AND if the owner has the 'foregroundDeletion' finalizer, then the owner cannot be deleted from the key-value store until this reference is removed. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/architecture/garbage-collection/#foreground-deletion for how the garbage collector interacts with this field and enforces the foreground deletion. Defaults to false. To set this field, a user needs 'delete' permission of the owner, otherwise 422 (Unprocessable Entity) will be returned.
- `controller` (Boolean) If true, this reference points to the managing controller.


<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_bus_volcano_sh_command_v1alpha1/import.sh"}}
