---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_camel_apache_org_integration_kit_v1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "camel.apache.org"
description: |-
  IntegrationKit defines a container image and additional configuration needed to run an 'Integration'. An 'IntegrationKit' is a generic image generally built from the requirements of an 'Integration', but agnostic to it, in order to be reused by any other 'Integration' which has the same required set of capabilities. An 'IntegrationKit' may be used for other kits as a base container layer, when the 'incremental' build option is enabled.
---

# k8s_camel_apache_org_integration_kit_v1 (Resource)

IntegrationKit defines a container image and additional configuration needed to run an 'Integration'. An 'IntegrationKit' is a generic image generally built from the requirements of an 'Integration', but agnostic to it, in order to be reused by any other 'Integration' which has the same required set of capabilities. An 'IntegrationKit' may be used for other kits as a base container layer, when the 'incremental' build option is enabled.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_camel_apache_org_integration_kit_v1" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) the desired configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `configuration` (Attributes List) configuration used by the kit TODO: we should deprecate in future releases in favour of mount, openapi or camel traits (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--configuration))
- `dependencies` (List of String) a list of Camel dependecies used by this kit
- `image` (String) the container image as identified in the container registry
- `profile` (String) the profile which is expected by this kit
- `repositories` (List of String) Maven repositories that can be used by the kit
- `traits` (Attributes) traits that the kit will execute (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--traits))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.configuration`

Required:

- `type` (String) represents the type of configuration, ie: property, configmap, secret, ...
- `value` (String) the value to assign to the configuration (syntax may vary depending on the 'Type')

Optional:

- `resource_key` (String) Deprecated: no longer used
- `resource_mount_point` (String) Deprecated: no longer used
- `resource_type` (String) Deprecated: no longer used


<a id="nestedatt--spec--traits"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.traits`

Optional:

- `addons` (Dynamic) The collection of addon trait configurations
- `builder` (Attributes) The builder trait is internally used to determine the best strategy to build and configure IntegrationKits. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--traits--builder))
- `quarkus` (Attributes) The Quarkus trait configures the Quarkus runtime. It's enabled by default. NOTE: Compiling to a native executable, i.e. when using 'package-type=native', is only supported for kamelets, as well as YAML and XML integrations. It also requires at least 4GiB of memory, so the Pod running the native build, that is either the operator Pod, or the build Pod (depending on the build strategy configured for the platform), must have enough memory available. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--traits--quarkus))
- `registry` (Attributes) The Registry trait sets up Maven to use the Image registry as a Maven repository. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--traits--registry))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--traits--builder"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.traits.builder`

Optional:

- `configuration` (Dynamic) Legacy trait configuration parameters. Deprecated: for backward compatibility.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Can be used to enable or disable a trait. All traits share this common property.
- `properties` (List of String) A list of properties to be provided to the build task
- `verbose` (Boolean) Enable verbose logging on build components that support it (e.g. Kaniko build pod).


<a id="nestedatt--spec--traits--quarkus"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.traits.quarkus`

Optional:

- `configuration` (Dynamic) Legacy trait configuration parameters. Deprecated: for backward compatibility.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Can be used to enable or disable a trait. All traits share this common property.
- `package_types` (List of String) The Quarkus package types, either 'fast-jar' or 'native' (default 'fast-jar'). In case both 'fast-jar' and 'native' are specified, two 'IntegrationKit' resources are created, with the 'native' kit having precedence over the 'fast-jar' one once ready. The order influences the resolution of the current kit for the integration. The kit corresponding to the first package type will be assigned to the integration in case no existing kit that matches the integration exists.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--traits--registry"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.traits.registry`

Optional:

- `configuration` (Dynamic) Legacy trait configuration parameters. Deprecated: for backward compatibility.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Can be used to enable or disable a trait. All traits share this common property.


