---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_ceph_rook_io_ceph_bucket_topic_v1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "ceph.rook.io"
description: |-
  CephBucketTopic represents a Ceph Object Topic for Bucket Notifications
---

# k8s_ceph_rook_io_ceph_bucket_topic_v1 (Resource)

CephBucketTopic represents a Ceph Object Topic for Bucket Notifications

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_ceph_rook_io_ceph_bucket_topic_v1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) BucketTopicSpec represent the spec of a Bucket Topic (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `endpoint` (Attributes) Contains the endpoint spec of the topic (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--endpoint))
- `object_store_name` (String) The name of the object store on which to define the topic
- `object_store_namespace` (String) The namespace of the object store on which to define the topic

Optional:

- `opaque_data` (String) Data which is sent in each event
- `persistent` (Boolean) Indication whether notifications to this endpoint are persistent or not

<a id="nestedatt--spec--endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.endpoint`

Optional:

- `amqp` (Attributes) Spec of AMQP endpoint (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--endpoint--amqp))
- `http` (Attributes) Spec of HTTP endpoint (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--endpoint--http))
- `kafka` (Attributes) Spec of Kafka endpoint (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--endpoint--kafka))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--endpoint--amqp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.endpoint.amqp`

Required:

- `exchange` (String) Name of the exchange that is used to route messages based on topics
- `uri` (String) The URI of the AMQP endpoint to push notification to

Optional:

- `ack_level` (String) The ack level required for this topic (none/broker/routeable)
- `disable_verify_ssl` (Boolean) Indicate whether the server certificate is validated by the client or not


<a id="nestedatt--spec--endpoint--http"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.endpoint.http`

Required:

- `uri` (String) The URI of the HTTP endpoint to push notification to

Optional:

- `disable_verify_ssl` (Boolean) Indicate whether the server certificate is validated by the client or not
- `send_cloud_events` (Boolean) Send the notifications with the CloudEvents header: https://github.com/cloudevents/spec/blob/main/cloudevents/adapters/aws-s3.md Supported for Ceph Quincy (v17) or newer.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--endpoint--kafka"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.endpoint.kafka`

Required:

- `uri` (String) The URI of the Kafka endpoint to push notification to

Optional:

- `ack_level` (String) The ack level required for this topic (none/broker)
- `disable_verify_ssl` (Boolean) Indicate whether the server certificate is validated by the client or not
- `use_ssl` (Boolean) Indicate whether to use SSL when communicating with the broker




<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_ceph_rook_io_ceph_bucket_topic_v1/import.sh"}}
