---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_cert_manager_io_certificate_request_v1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "cert-manager.io"
description: |-
  A CertificateRequest is used to request a signed certificate from one of the configured issuers.  All fields within the CertificateRequest's 'spec' are immutable after creation. A CertificateRequest will either succeed or fail, as denoted by its 'status.state' field.  A CertificateRequest is a one-shot resource, meaning it represents a single point in time request for a certificate and cannot be re-used.
---

# k8s_cert_manager_io_certificate_request_v1 (Resource)

A CertificateRequest is used to request a signed certificate from one of the configured issuers.  All fields within the CertificateRequest's 'spec' are immutable after creation. A CertificateRequest will either succeed or fail, as denoted by its 'status.state' field.  A CertificateRequest is a one-shot resource, meaning it represents a single point in time request for a certificate and cannot be re-used.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_cert_manager_io_certificate_request_v1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) Desired state of the CertificateRequest resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `issuer_ref` (Attributes) IssuerRef is a reference to the issuer for this CertificateRequest.  If the 'kind' field is not set, or set to 'Issuer', an Issuer resource with the given name in the same namespace as the CertificateRequest will be used.  If the 'kind' field is set to 'ClusterIssuer', a ClusterIssuer with the provided name will be used. The 'name' field in this stanza is required at all times. The group field refers to the API group of the issuer which defaults to 'cert-manager.io' if empty. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--issuer_ref))
- `request` (String) The PEM-encoded x509 certificate signing request to be submitted to the CA for signing.

Optional:

- `duration` (String) The requested 'duration' (i.e. lifetime) of the Certificate. This option may be ignored/overridden by some issuer types.
- `extra` (Map of List of String) Extra contains extra attributes of the user that created the CertificateRequest. Populated by the cert-manager webhook on creation and immutable.
- `groups` (List of String) Groups contains group membership of the user that created the CertificateRequest. Populated by the cert-manager webhook on creation and immutable.
- `is_ca` (Boolean) IsCA will request to mark the certificate as valid for certificate signing when submitting to the issuer. This will automatically add the 'cert sign' usage to the list of 'usages'.
- `uid` (String) UID contains the uid of the user that created the CertificateRequest. Populated by the cert-manager webhook on creation and immutable.
- `usages` (List of String) Usages is the set of x509 usages that are requested for the certificate. If usages are set they SHOULD be encoded inside the CSR spec Defaults to 'digital signature' and 'key encipherment' if not specified.
- `username` (String) Username contains the name of the user that created the CertificateRequest. Populated by the cert-manager webhook on creation and immutable.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--issuer_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.issuer_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the resource being referred to.

Optional:

- `group` (String) Group of the resource being referred to.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the resource being referred to.



<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_cert_manager_io_certificate_request_v1/import.sh"}}
