---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_chaos_mesh_org_stress_chaos_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "chaos-mesh.org/v1alpha1"
description: |-
  StressChaos is the Schema for the stresschaos API
---

# k8s_chaos_mesh_org_stress_chaos_v1alpha1 (Resource)

StressChaos is the Schema for the stresschaos API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_chaos_mesh_org_stress_chaos_v1alpha1" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
  spec = {
    mode     = "all"
    selector = {}
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) Spec defines the behavior of a time chaos experiment (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `mode` (String) Mode defines the mode to run chaos action. Supported mode: one / all / fixed / fixed-percent / random-max-percent
- `selector` (Attributes) Selector is used to select pods that are used to inject chaos action. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--selector))

Optional:

- `container_names` (List of String) ContainerNames indicates list of the name of affected container. If not set, the first container will be injected
- `duration` (String) Duration represents the duration of the chaos action
- `stressng_stressors` (String) StressngStressors defines plenty of stressors just like 'Stressors' except that it's an experimental feature and more powerful. You can define stressors in 'stress-ng' (see also 'man stress-ng') dialect, however not all of the supported stressors are well tested. It maybe retired in later releases. You should always use 'Stressors' to define the stressors and use this only when you want more stressors unsupported by 'Stressors'. When both 'StressngStressors' and 'Stressors' are defined, 'StressngStressors' wins.
- `stressors` (Attributes) Stressors defines plenty of stressors supported to stress system components out. You can use one or more of them to make up various kinds of stresses. At least one of the stressors should be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--stressors))
- `value` (String) Value is required when the mode is set to 'FixedMode' / 'FixedPercentMode' / 'RandomMaxPercentMode'. If 'FixedMode', provide an integer of pods to do chaos action. If 'FixedPercentMode', provide a number from 0-100 to specify the percent of pods the server can do chaos action. IF 'RandomMaxPercentMode',  provide a number from 0-100 to specify the max percent of pods to do chaos action

<a id="nestedatt--spec--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.selector`

Optional:

- `annotation_selectors` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to select objects. A selector based on annotations.
- `expression_selectors` (Attributes List) a slice of label selector expressions that can be used to select objects. A list of selectors based on set-based label expressions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--selector--expression_selectors))
- `field_selectors` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to select objects. A selector based on fields.
- `label_selectors` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to select objects. A selector based on labels.
- `namespaces` (List of String) Namespaces is a set of namespace to which objects belong.
- `node_selectors` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to select nodes. Selector which must match a node's labels, and objects must belong to these selected nodes.
- `nodes` (List of String) Nodes is a set of node name and objects must belong to these nodes.
- `pod_phase_selectors` (List of String) PodPhaseSelectors is a set of condition of a pod at the current time. supported value: Pending / Running / Succeeded / Failed / Unknown
- `pods` (Map of List of String) Pods is a map of string keys and a set values that used to select pods. The key defines the namespace which pods belong, and the each values is a set of pod names.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--selector--expression_selectors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.selector.expression_selectors`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--stressors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.stressors`

Optional:

- `cpu` (Attributes) CPUStressor stresses CPU out (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--stressors--cpu))
- `memory` (Attributes) MemoryStressor stresses virtual memory out (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--stressors--memory))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--stressors--cpu"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.stressors.cpu`

Required:

- `workers` (Number) Workers specifies N workers to apply the stressor. Maximum 8192 workers can run by stress-ng

Optional:

- `load` (Number) Load specifies P percent loading per CPU worker. 0 is effectively a sleep (no load) and 100 is full loading.
- `options` (List of String) extend stress-ng options


<a id="nestedatt--spec--stressors--memory"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.stressors.memory`

Required:

- `workers` (Number) Workers specifies N workers to apply the stressor. Maximum 8192 workers can run by stress-ng

Optional:

- `oom_score_adj` (Number) OOMScoreAdj sets the oom_score_adj of the stress process. See 'man 5 proc' to know more about this option.
- `options` (List of String) extend stress-ng options
- `size` (String) Size specifies N bytes consumed per vm worker, default is the total available memory. One can specify the size as % of total available memory or in units of B, KB/KiB, MB/MiB, GB/GiB, TB/TiB.


