---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_chaos_mesh_org_block_chaos_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "chaos-mesh.org"
description: |-
  BlockChaos is the Schema for the blockchaos API
---

# k8s_chaos_mesh_org_block_chaos_v1alpha1 (Resource)

BlockChaos is the Schema for the blockchaos API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_chaos_mesh_org_block_chaos_v1alpha1" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
  spec = {
    action      = "delay"
    mode        = "one"
    selector    = {}
    volume_name = "some-name"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) BlockChaosSpec is the content of the specification for a BlockChaos (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action defines the specific block chaos action. Supported action: delay
- `mode` (String) Mode defines the mode to run chaos action. Supported mode: one / all / fixed / fixed-percent / random-max-percent
- `selector` (Attributes) Selector is used to select pods that are used to inject chaos action. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--selector))
- `volume_name` (String)

Optional:

- `container_names` (List of String) ContainerNames indicates list of the name of affected container. If not set, the first container will be injected
- `delay` (Attributes) Delay defines the delay distribution. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--delay))
- `duration` (String) Duration represents the duration of the chaos action.
- `value` (String) Value is required when the mode is set to 'FixedMode' / 'FixedPercentMode' / 'RandomMaxPercentMode'. If 'FixedMode', provide an integer of pods to do chaos action. If 'FixedPercentMode', provide a number from 0-100 to specify the percent of pods the server can do chaos action. IF 'RandomMaxPercentMode',  provide a number from 0-100 to specify the max percent of pods to do chaos action

<a id="nestedatt--spec--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.selector`

Optional:

- `annotation_selectors` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to select objects. A selector based on annotations.
- `expression_selectors` (Attributes List) a slice of label selector expressions that can be used to select objects. A list of selectors based on set-based label expressions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--selector--expression_selectors))
- `field_selectors` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to select objects. A selector based on fields.
- `label_selectors` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to select objects. A selector based on labels.
- `namespaces` (List of String) Namespaces is a set of namespace to which objects belong.
- `node_selectors` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to select nodes. Selector which must match a node's labels, and objects must belong to these selected nodes.
- `nodes` (List of String) Nodes is a set of node name and objects must belong to these nodes.
- `pod_phase_selectors` (List of String) PodPhaseSelectors is a set of condition of a pod at the current time. supported value: Pending / Running / Succeeded / Failed / Unknown
- `pods` (Map of List of String) Pods is a map of string keys and a set values that used to select pods. The key defines the namespace which pods belong, and the each values is a set of pod names.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--selector--expression_selectors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.selector.expression_selectors`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--delay"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.delay`

Optional:

- `correlation` (String)
- `jitter` (String)
- `latency` (String) Latency defines the latency of every io request.


