---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_chaos_mesh_org_pod_io_chaos_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "chaos-mesh.org"
description: |-
  PodIOChaos is the Schema for the podiochaos API
---

# k8s_chaos_mesh_org_pod_io_chaos_v1alpha1 (Resource)

PodIOChaos is the Schema for the podiochaos API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_chaos_mesh_org_pod_io_chaos_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) PodIOChaosSpec defines the desired state of IOChaos (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `volume_mount_path` (String) VolumeMountPath represents the target mount path It must be a root of mount path now. TODO: search the mount parent of any path automatically. TODO: support multiple different volume mount path in one pod

Optional:

- `actions` (Attributes List) Actions are a list of IOChaos actions (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--actions))
- `container` (String) TODO: support multiple different container to inject in one pod

<a id="nestedatt--spec--actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.actions`

Required:

- `path` (String) Path represents a glob of injecting path
- `percent` (Number) Percent represents the percent probability of injecting this action
- `type` (String) IOChaosType represents the type of IOChaos Action

Optional:

- `atime` (Attributes) Timespec represents a time (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--actions--atime))
- `blocks` (Number)
- `ctime` (Attributes) Timespec represents a time (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--actions--ctime))
- `faults` (Attributes List) Faults represents the fault to inject (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--actions--faults))
- `gid` (Number)
- `ino` (Number)
- `kind` (String) FileType represents type of file
- `latency` (String) Latency represents the latency to inject
- `methods` (List of String) Methods represents the method that the action will inject in
- `mistake` (Attributes) MistakeSpec represents the mistake to inject (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--actions--mistake))
- `mtime` (Attributes) Timespec represents a time (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--actions--mtime))
- `nlink` (Number)
- `perm` (Number)
- `rdev` (Number)
- `size` (Number)
- `source` (String) Source represents the source of current rules
- `uid` (Number)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--actions--atime"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.actions.atime`

Required:

- `nsec` (Number)
- `sec` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--actions--ctime"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.actions.ctime`

Required:

- `nsec` (Number)
- `sec` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--actions--faults"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.actions.faults`

Required:

- `errno` (Number)
- `weight` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--actions--mistake"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.actions.mistake`

Optional:

- `filling` (String) Filling determines what is filled in the mistake data.
- `max_length` (Number) Max length of each wrong data segment in bytes
- `max_occurrences` (Number) There will be [1, MaxOccurrences] segments of wrong data.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--actions--mtime"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.actions.mtime`

Required:

- `nsec` (Number)
- `sec` (Number)




<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_chaos_mesh_org_pod_io_chaos_v1alpha1/import.sh"}}
