---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_chaos_mesh_org_pod_network_chaos_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "chaos-mesh.org/v1alpha1"
description: |-
  PodNetworkChaos is the Schema for the PodNetworkChaos API
---

# k8s_chaos_mesh_org_pod_network_chaos_v1alpha1 (Resource)

PodNetworkChaos is the Schema for the PodNetworkChaos API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_chaos_mesh_org_pod_network_chaos_v1alpha1" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
  spec = {}
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) Spec defines the behavior of a pod chaos experiment (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `ipsets` (Attributes List) The ipset on the pod (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ipsets))
- `iptables` (Attributes List) The iptables rules on the pod (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--iptables))
- `tcs` (Attributes List) The tc rules on the pod (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tcs))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--ipsets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ipsets`

Required:

- `ipset_type` (String) IPSetType represents the type of IP set
- `name` (String) The name of ipset
- `source` (String)

Optional:

- `cidr_and_ports` (Attributes List) The contents of ipset. Only available when IPSetType is NetPortIPSet. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ipsets--cidr_and_ports))
- `cidrs` (List of String) The contents of ipset. Only available when IPSetType is NetIPSet.
- `set_names` (List of String) The contents of ipset. Only available when IPSetType is SetIPSet.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--ipsets--cidr_and_ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ipsets.cidr_and_ports`

Required:

- `cidr` (String)
- `port` (Number)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--iptables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.iptables`

Required:

- `direction` (String) The block direction of this iptables rule
- `name` (String) The name of iptables chain
- `source` (String)

Optional:

- `device` (String) Device represents the network device to be affected.
- `ipsets` (List of String) The name of related ipset


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tcs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tcs`

Required:

- `source` (String) The name and namespace of the source network chaos
- `type` (String) The type of traffic control

Optional:

- `bandwidth` (Attributes) Bandwidth represents the detail about bandwidth control action (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tcs--bandwidth))
- `corrupt` (Attributes) Corrupt represents the detail about corrupt action (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tcs--corrupt))
- `delay` (Attributes) Delay represents the detail about delay action (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tcs--delay))
- `device` (String) Device represents the network device to be affected.
- `duplicate` (Attributes) DuplicateSpec represents the detail about loss action (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tcs--duplicate))
- `ipset` (String) The name of target ipset
- `loss` (Attributes) Loss represents the detail about loss action (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tcs--loss))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--tcs--bandwidth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tcs.bandwidth`

Required:

- `buffer` (Number) Buffer is the maximum amount of bytes that tokens can be available for instantaneously.
- `limit` (Number) Limit is the number of bytes that can be queued waiting for tokens to become available.
- `rate` (String) Rate is the speed knob. Allows bps, kbps, mbps, gbps, tbps unit. bps means bytes per second.

Optional:

- `minburst` (Number) Minburst specifies the size of the peakrate bucket. For perfect accuracy, should be set to the MTU of the interface.  If a peakrate is needed, but some burstiness is acceptable, this size can be raised. A 3000 byte minburst allows around 3mbit/s of peakrate, given 1000 byte packets.
- `peakrate` (Number) Peakrate is the maximum depletion rate of the bucket. The peakrate does not need to be set, it is only necessary if perfect millisecond timescale shaping is required.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tcs--corrupt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tcs.corrupt`

Required:

- `corrupt` (String)

Optional:

- `correlation` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tcs--delay"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tcs.delay`

Required:

- `latency` (String)

Optional:

- `correlation` (String)
- `jitter` (String)
- `reorder` (Attributes) ReorderSpec defines details of packet reorder. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tcs--delay--reorder))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--tcs--delay--reorder"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tcs.delay.reorder`

Required:

- `gap` (Number)
- `reorder` (String)

Optional:

- `correlation` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--tcs--duplicate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tcs.duplicate`

Required:

- `duplicate` (String)

Optional:

- `correlation` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tcs--loss"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tcs.loss`

Required:

- `loss` (String)

Optional:

- `correlation` (String)


