---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_chaos_mesh_org_dns_chaos_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "chaos-mesh.org"
description: |-
  DNSChaos is the Schema for the networkchaos API
---

# k8s_chaos_mesh_org_dns_chaos_v1alpha1 (Resource)

DNSChaos is the Schema for the networkchaos API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_chaos_mesh_org_dns_chaos_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) Spec defines the behavior of a pod chaos experiment (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action defines the specific DNS chaos action. Supported action: error, random Default action: error
- `mode` (String) Mode defines the mode to run chaos action. Supported mode: one / all / fixed / fixed-percent / random-max-percent
- `selector` (Attributes) Selector is used to select pods that are used to inject chaos action. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--selector))

Optional:

- `container_names` (List of String) ContainerNames indicates list of the name of affected container. If not set, the first container will be injected
- `duration` (String) Duration represents the duration of the chaos action
- `patterns` (List of String) Choose which domain names to take effect, support the placeholder ? and wildcard *, or the Specified domain name. Note:      1. The wildcard * must be at the end of the string. For example, chaos-*.org is invalid.      2. if the patterns is empty, will take effect on all the domain names. For example: 		The value is ['google.com', 'github.*', 'chaos-mes?.org'], 		will take effect on 'google.com', 'github.com' and 'chaos-mesh.org'
- `remote_cluster` (String) RemoteCluster represents the remote cluster where the chaos will be deployed
- `value` (String) Value is required when the mode is set to 'FixedMode' / 'FixedPercentMode' / 'RandomMaxPercentMode'. If 'FixedMode', provide an integer of pods to do chaos action. If 'FixedPercentMode', provide a number from 0-100 to specify the percent of pods the server can do chaos action. IF 'RandomMaxPercentMode',  provide a number from 0-100 to specify the max percent of pods to do chaos action

<a id="nestedatt--spec--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.selector`

Optional:

- `annotation_selectors` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to select objects. A selector based on annotations.
- `expression_selectors` (Attributes List) a slice of label selector expressions that can be used to select objects. A list of selectors based on set-based label expressions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--selector--expression_selectors))
- `field_selectors` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to select objects. A selector based on fields.
- `label_selectors` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to select objects. A selector based on labels.
- `namespaces` (List of String) Namespaces is a set of namespace to which objects belong.
- `node_selectors` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to select nodes. Selector which must match a node's labels, and objects must belong to these selected nodes.
- `nodes` (List of String) Nodes is a set of node name and objects must belong to these nodes.
- `pod_phase_selectors` (List of String) PodPhaseSelectors is a set of condition of a pod at the current time. supported value: Pending / Running / Succeeded / Failed / Unknown
- `pods` (Map of List of String) Pods is a map of string keys and a set values that used to select pods. The key defines the namespace which pods belong, and the each values is a set of pod names.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--selector--expression_selectors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.selector.expression_selectors`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_chaos_mesh_org_dns_chaos_v1alpha1/import.sh"}}
