---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_charts_helm_k8s_io_snyk_monitor_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "charts.helm.k8s.io"
description: |-
  
---

# k8s_charts_helm_k8s_io_snyk_monitor_v1alpha1 (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_charts_helm_k8s_io_snyk_monitor_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `cluster_name` (String)
- `image` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--image))
- `init_container_image` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--init_container_image))
- `integration_api` (String)
- `limits` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--limits))
- `monitor_secrets` (String) The name of the secret object that stores the Snyk controller secrets. The secret needs to contain the following data fields: - integrationId - dockercfg.json
- `node_affinity` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--node_affinity))
- `pvc` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pvc))
- `requests` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--requests))
- `scope` (String)
- `temporary_storage_size` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--image"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.image`

Optional:

- `pull_policy` (String)
- `repository` (String)
- `tag` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--init_container_image"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.init_container_image`

Optional:

- `repository` (String)
- `tag` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--limits"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.limits`

Optional:

- `memory` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--node_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.node_affinity`

Optional:

- `disable_beta_arch_node_selector` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--pvc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pvc`

Optional:

- `create` (Boolean)
- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `name` (String)
- `storage_class_name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--requests"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.requests`

Optional:

- `memory` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_charts_helm_k8s_io_snyk_monitor_v1alpha1/import.sh"}}
