---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_cilium_io_cilium_endpoint_slice_v2alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "cilium.io"
description: |-
  CiliumEndpointSlice contains a group of CoreCiliumendpoints.
---

# k8s_cilium_io_cilium_endpoint_slice_v2alpha1 (Resource)

CiliumEndpointSlice contains a group of CoreCiliumendpoints.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_cilium_io_cilium_endpoint_slice_v2alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `endpoints` (Attributes List) Endpoints is a list of coreCEPs packed in a CiliumEndpointSlice (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoints))
- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace indicate as CiliumEndpointSlice namespace. All the CiliumEndpoints within the same namespace are put together in CiliumEndpointSlice.
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoints`

Optional:

- `encryption` (Attributes) EncryptionSpec defines the encryption relevant configuration of a node. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoints--encryption))
- `id` (Number) IdentityID is the numeric identity of the endpoint
- `name` (String) Name indicate as CiliumEndpoint name.
- `named_ports` (Attributes List) NamedPorts List of named Layer 4 port and protocol pairs which will be used in Network Policy specs.  swagger:model NamedPorts (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoints--named_ports))
- `networking` (Attributes) EndpointNetworking is the addressing information of an endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoints--networking))

<a id="nestedatt--endpoints--encryption"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoints.encryption`

Optional:

- `key` (Number) Key is the index to the key to use for encryption or 0 if encryption is disabled.


<a id="nestedatt--endpoints--named_ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoints.named_ports`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Optional layer 4 port name
- `port` (Number) Layer 4 port number
- `protocol` (String) Layer 4 protocol Enum: [TCP UDP SCTP ICMP ICMPV6 ANY]


<a id="nestedatt--endpoints--networking"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoints.networking`

Required:

- `addressing` (Attributes List) IP4/6 addresses assigned to this Endpoint (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoints--networking--addressing))

Optional:

- `node` (String) NodeIP is the IP of the node the endpoint is running on. The IP must be reachable between nodes.

<a id="nestedatt--endpoints--networking--addressing"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoints.networking.addressing`

Optional:

- `ipv4` (String)
- `ipv6` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_cilium_io_cilium_endpoint_slice_v2alpha1/import.sh"}}
