---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_cilium_io_cilium_egress_nat_policy_v2alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "cilium.io"
description: |-
  
---

# k8s_cilium_io_cilium_egress_nat_policy_v2alpha1 (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_cilium_io_cilium_egress_nat_policy_v2alpha1" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `destination_cid_rs` (List of String) DestinationCIDRs is a list of destination CIDRs for destination IP addresses. If a destination IP matches any one CIDR, it will be selected.
- `egress` (Attributes List) Egress represents a list of rules by which egress traffic is filtered from the source pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--egress))
- `egress_source_ip` (String) EgressSourceIP is a source ip address that the egress traffic is redirected to and SNATed with.  Example: When it is set to '192.168.1.100', matched egress packets will be redirected to node with ip 192.168.1.100 and SNAT’ed with IP address 192.168.1.100.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--egress"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.egress`

Optional:

- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) Selects Namespaces using cluster-scoped labels. This field follows standard label selector semantics; if present but empty, it selects all namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--egress--namespace_selector))
- `pod_selector` (Attributes) This is a label selector which selects Pods. This field follows standard label selector semantics; if present but empty, it selects all pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--egress--pod_selector))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--egress--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.egress.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--egress--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--egress--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.egress.namespace_selector.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--egress--pod_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.egress.pod_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--egress--pod_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--egress--pod_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.egress.pod_selector.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.


