---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_cilium_io_cilium_external_workload_v2 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "cilium.io"
description: |-
  CiliumExternalWorkload is a Kubernetes Custom Resource that contains a specification for an external workload that can join the cluster.  The name of the CRD is the FQDN of the external workload, and it needs to match the name in the workload registration. The labels on the CRD object are the labels that will be used to allocate a Cilium Identity for the external workload. If 'io.kubernetes.pod.namespace' or 'io.kubernetes.pod.name' labels are not explicitly specified, they will be defaulted to 'default' and , respectively. 'io.cilium.k8s.policy.cluster' will always be defined as the name of the current cluster, which defaults to 'default'.
---

# k8s_cilium_io_cilium_external_workload_v2 (Resource)

CiliumExternalWorkload is a Kubernetes Custom Resource that contains a specification for an external workload that can join the cluster.  The name of the CRD is the FQDN of the external workload, and it needs to match the name in the workload registration. The labels on the CRD object are the labels that will be used to allocate a Cilium Identity for the external workload. If 'io.kubernetes.pod.namespace' or 'io.kubernetes.pod.name' labels are not explicitly specified, they will be defaulted to 'default' and <workload name>, respectively. 'io.cilium.k8s.policy.cluster' will always be defined as the name of the current cluster, which defaults to 'default'.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_cilium_io_cilium_external_workload_v2" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) Spec is the desired configuration of the external Cilium workload. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `ipv4_alloc_cidr` (String) IPv4AllocCIDR is the range of IPv4 addresses in the CIDR format that the external workload can use to allocate IP addresses for the tunnel device and the health endpoint.
- `ipv6_alloc_cidr` (String) IPv6AllocCIDR is the range of IPv6 addresses in the CIDR format that the external workload can use to allocate IP addresses for the tunnel device and the health endpoint.


<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_cilium_io_cilium_external_workload_v2/import.sh"}}
