---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_cilium_io_cilium_identity_v2 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "cilium.io"
description: |-
  CiliumIdentity is a CRD that represents an identity managed by Cilium. It is intended as a backing store for identity allocation, acting as the global coordination backend, and can be used in place of a KVStore (such as etcd). The name of the CRD is the numeric identity and the labels on the CRD object are the kubernetes sourced labels seen by cilium. This is currently the only label source possible when running under kubernetes. Non-kubernetes labels are filtered but all labels, from all sources, are places in the SecurityLabels field. These also include the source and are used to define the identity. The labels under metav1.ObjectMeta can be used when searching for CiliumIdentity instances that include particular labels. This can be done with invocations such as:  kubectl get ciliumid -l 'foo=bar'
---

# k8s_cilium_io_cilium_identity_v2 (Resource)

CiliumIdentity is a CRD that represents an identity managed by Cilium. It is intended as a backing store for identity allocation, acting as the global coordination backend, and can be used in place of a KVStore (such as etcd). The name of the CRD is the numeric identity and the labels on the CRD object are the kubernetes sourced labels seen by cilium. This is currently the only label source possible when running under kubernetes. Non-kubernetes labels are filtered but all labels, from all sources, are places in the SecurityLabels field. These also include the source and are used to define the identity. The labels under metav1.ObjectMeta can be used when searching for CiliumIdentity instances that include particular labels. This can be done with invocations such as:  kubectl get ciliumid -l 'foo=bar'

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_cilium_io_cilium_identity_v2" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `security_labels` (Map of String) SecurityLabels is the source-of-truth set of labels for this identity.

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_cilium_io_cilium_identity_v2/import.sh"}}
