---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_config_gatekeeper_sh_config_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "config.gatekeeper.sh"
description: |-
  Config is the Schema for the configs API.
---

# k8s_config_gatekeeper_sh_config_v1alpha1 (Resource)

Config is the Schema for the configs API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_config_gatekeeper_sh_config_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) ConfigSpec defines the desired state of Config. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `match` (Attributes List) Configuration for namespace exclusion (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--match))
- `readiness` (Attributes) Configuration for readiness tracker (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--readiness))
- `sync` (Attributes) Configuration for syncing k8s objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--sync))
- `validation` (Attributes) Configuration for validation (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--validation))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--match"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.match`

Optional:

- `excluded_namespaces` (List of String)
- `processes` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--readiness"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.readiness`

Optional:

- `stats_enabled` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--sync"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.sync`

Optional:

- `sync_only` (Attributes List) If non-empty, only entries on this list will be replicated into OPA (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--sync--sync_only))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--sync--sync_only"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.sync.sync_only`

Optional:

- `group` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `version` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--validation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.validation`

Optional:

- `traces` (Attributes List) List of requests to trace. Both 'user' and 'kinds' must be specified (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--validation--traces))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--validation--traces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.validation.traces`

Optional:

- `dump` (String) Also dump the state of OPA with the trace. Set to 'All' to dump everything.
- `kind` (Attributes) Only trace requests of the following GroupVersionKind (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--validation--traces--kind))
- `user` (String) Only trace requests from the specified user

<a id="nestedatt--spec--validation--traces--kind"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.validation.traces.user`

Optional:

- `group` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `version` (String)





<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_config_gatekeeper_sh_config_v1alpha1/import.sh"}}
