---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_config_karmada_io_resource_interpreter_webhook_configuration_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "config.karmada.io"
description: |-
  ResourceInterpreterWebhookConfiguration describes the configuration of webhooks which take the responsibility to tell karmada the details of the resource object, especially for custom resources.
---

# k8s_config_karmada_io_resource_interpreter_webhook_configuration_v1alpha1 (Resource)

ResourceInterpreterWebhookConfiguration describes the configuration of webhooks which take the responsibility to tell karmada the details of the resource object, especially for custom resources.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_config_karmada_io_resource_interpreter_webhook_configuration_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `webhooks` (Attributes List) Webhooks is a list of webhooks and the affected resources and operations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--webhooks))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--webhooks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhooks`

Required:

- `client_config` (Attributes) ClientConfig defines how to communicate with the hook. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--webhooks--client_config))
- `interpreter_context_versions` (List of String) InterpreterContextVersions is an ordered list of preferred 'ResourceInterpreterContext' versions the Webhook expects. Karmada will try to use first version in the list which it supports. If none of the versions specified in this list supported by Karmada, validation will fail for this object. If a persisted webhook configuration specifies allowed versions and does not include any versions known to the Karmada, calls to the webhook will fail and be subject to the failure policy.
- `name` (String) Name is the full-qualified name of the webhook.

Optional:

- `rules` (Attributes List) Rules describes what operations on what resources the webhook cares about. The webhook cares about an operation if it matches any Rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--webhooks--rules))
- `timeout_seconds` (Number) TimeoutSeconds specifies the timeout for this webhook. After the timeout passes, the webhook call will be ignored or the API call will fail based on the failure policy. The timeout value must be between 1 and 30 seconds. Default to 10 seconds.

<a id="nestedatt--webhooks--client_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhooks.client_config`

Optional:

- `ca_bundle` (String) 'caBundle' is a PEM encoded CA bundle which will be used to validate the webhook's server certificate. If unspecified, system trust roots on the apiserver are used.
- `service` (Attributes) 'service' is a reference to the service for this webhook. Either 'service' or 'url' must be specified.  If the webhook is running within the cluster, then you should use 'service'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--webhooks--client_config--service))
- `url` (String) 'url' gives the location of the webhook, in standard URL form ('scheme://host:port/path'). Exactly one of 'url' or 'service' must be specified.  The 'host' should not refer to a service running in the cluster; use the 'service' field instead. The host might be resolved via external DNS in some apiservers (e.g., 'kube-apiserver' cannot resolve in-cluster DNS as that would be a layering violation). 'host' may also be an IP address.  Please note that using 'localhost' or '127.0.0.1' as a 'host' is risky unless you take great care to run this webhook on all hosts which run an apiserver which might need to make calls to this webhook. Such installs are likely to be non-portable, i.e., not easy to turn up in a new cluster.  The scheme must be 'https'; the URL must begin with 'https://'.  A path is optional, and if present may be any string permissible in a URL. You may use the path to pass an arbitrary string to the webhook, for example, a cluster identifier.  Attempting to use a user or basic auth e.g. 'user:password@' is not allowed. Fragments ('#...') and query parameters ('?...') are not allowed, either.

<a id="nestedatt--webhooks--client_config--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhooks.client_config.service`

Required:

- `name` (String) 'name' is the name of the service. Required
- `namespace` (String) 'namespace' is the namespace of the service. Required

Optional:

- `path` (String) 'path' is an optional URL path which will be sent in any request to this service.
- `port` (Number) If specified, the port on the service that hosting webhook. Default to 443 for backward compatibility. 'port' should be a valid port number (1-65535, inclusive).



<a id="nestedatt--webhooks--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhooks.rules`

Required:

- `api_groups` (List of String) APIGroups is the API groups the resources belong to. '*' is all groups. If '*' is present, the length of the slice must be one. For example: ['apps', 'batch', 'example.io'] means matches 3 groups. ['*'] means matches all group  Note: The group cloud be empty, e.g the 'core' group of kubernetes, in that case use [''].
- `api_versions` (List of String) APIVersions is the API versions the resources belong to. '*' is all versions. If '*' is present, the length of the slice must be one. For example: ['v1alpha1', 'v1beta1'] means matches 2 versions. ['*'] means matches all versions.
- `kinds` (List of String) Kinds is a list of resources this rule applies to. If '*' is present, the length of the slice must be one. For example: ['Deployment', 'Pod'] means matches Deployment and Pod. ['*'] means apply to all resources.
- `operations` (List of String) Operations is the operations the hook cares about. If '*' is present, the length of the slice must be one.



<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_config_karmada_io_resource_interpreter_webhook_configuration_v1alpha1/import.sh"}}
