---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_couchbase_com_couchbase_autoscaler_v2 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "couchbase.com"
description: |-
  CouchbaseAutoscaler provides an interface for the Kubernetes Horizontal Pod Autoscaler to interactive with the Couchbase cluster and provide autoscaling.  This resource is not defined by the end user, and is managed by the Operator.
---

# k8s_couchbase_com_couchbase_autoscaler_v2 (Resource)

CouchbaseAutoscaler provides an interface for the Kubernetes Horizontal Pod Autoscaler to interactive with the Couchbase cluster and provide autoscaling.  This resource is not defined by the end user, and is managed by the Operator.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_couchbase_com_couchbase_autoscaler_v2" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) CouchbaseAutoscalerSpec allows control over an autoscaling group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `servers` (String) Servers specifies the server group that this autoscaler belongs to.
- `size` (Number) Size allows the server group to be dynamically scaled.


<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_couchbase_com_couchbase_autoscaler_v2/import.sh"}}
