---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_couchbase_com_couchbase_migration_replication_v2 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "couchbase.com"
description: |-
  The CouchbaseScopeMigration resource represents the use of the special migration mapping within XDCR to take a filtered list from the default scope and collection of the source bucket, replicate it to named scopes and collections within the target bucket. The bucket-to-bucket replication cannot duplicate any used by the CouchbaseReplication resource, as these two types of replication are mutually exclusive between buckets. https://docs.couchbase.com/server/current/learn/clusters-and-availability/xdcr-with-scopes-and-collections.html#migration
---

# k8s_couchbase_com_couchbase_migration_replication_v2 (Resource)

The CouchbaseScopeMigration resource represents the use of the special migration mapping within XDCR to take a filtered list from the default scope and collection of the source bucket, replicate it to named scopes and collections within the target bucket. The bucket-to-bucket replication cannot duplicate any used by the CouchbaseReplication resource, as these two types of replication are mutually exclusive between buckets. https://docs.couchbase.com/server/current/learn/clusters-and-availability/xdcr-with-scopes-and-collections.html#migration

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_couchbase_com_couchbase_migration_replication_v2" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `migration_mapping` (Attributes) The migration mappings to use, should never be empty as that is just an implicit bucket-to-bucket replication then. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--migration_mapping))
- `spec` (Attributes) CouchbaseReplicationSpec allows configuration of an XDCR replication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--migration_mapping"></a>
### Nested Schema for `migration_mapping`

Required:

- `mappings` (Attributes List) The migration mappings to use, should never be empty as that is just an implicit bucket-to-bucket replication then. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--migration_mapping--mappings))

<a id="nestedatt--migration_mapping--mappings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `migration_mapping.mappings`

Required:

- `target_keyspace` (Attributes) The destination of our migration, must be a scope and collection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--migration_mapping--mappings--target_keyspace))

Optional:

- `filter` (String) A filter to select from the source default scope and collection. Defaults to select everything in the default scope and collection.

<a id="nestedatt--migration_mapping--mappings--target_keyspace"></a>
### Nested Schema for `migration_mapping.mappings.target_keyspace`

Required:

- `scope` (String) The scope to use.

Optional:

- `collection` (String) The optional collection within the scope. May be empty to just work at scope level.




<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `bucket` (String) Bucket is the source bucket to replicate from.  This refers to the Couchbase bucket name, not the resource name of the bucket.  A bucket with this name must be defined on this cluster.  Legal bucket names have a maximum length of 100 characters and may be composed of any character from 'a-z', 'A-Z', '0-9' and '-_%.'.
- `remote_bucket` (String) RemoteBucket is the remote bucket name to synchronize to.  This refers to the Couchbase bucket name, not the resource name of the bucket.  Legal bucket names have a maximum length of 100 characters and may be composed of any character from 'a-z', 'A-Z', '0-9' and '-_%.'.

Optional:

- `compression_type` (String) CompressionType is the type of compression to apply to the replication. When None, no compression will be applied to documents as they are transferred between clusters.  When Auto, Couchbase server will automatically compress documents as they are transferred to reduce bandwidth requirements. This field must be one of 'None' or 'Auto', defaulting to 'Auto'.
- `filter_expression` (String) FilterExpression allows certain documents to be filtered out of the replication.
- `paused` (Boolean) Paused allows a replication to be stopped and restarted without having to restart the replication from the beginning.


<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_couchbase_com_couchbase_migration_replication_v2/import.sh"}}
