---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_couchbase_com_couchbase_replication_v2 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "couchbase.com"
description: |-
  The CouchbaseReplication resource represents a Couchbase-to-Couchbase, XDCR replication stream from a source bucket to a destination bucket.  This provides off-site backup, migration, and disaster recovery.
---

# k8s_couchbase_com_couchbase_replication_v2 (Resource)

The CouchbaseReplication resource represents a Couchbase-to-Couchbase, XDCR replication stream from a source bucket to a destination bucket.  This provides off-site backup, migration, and disaster recovery.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_couchbase_com_couchbase_replication_v2" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) CouchbaseReplicationSpec allows configuration of an XDCR replication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Optional

- `explicit_mapping` (Attributes) The explicit mappings to use for replication which are optional. For Scopes and Collection replication support we can specify a set of implicit and explicit mappings to use. If none is specified then it is assumed to be existing bucket level replication. https://docs.couchbase.com/server/current/learn/clusters-and-availability/xdcr-with-scopes-and-collections.html#explicit-mapping (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--explicit_mapping))
- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `bucket` (String) Bucket is the source bucket to replicate from.  This refers to the Couchbase bucket name, not the resource name of the bucket.  A bucket with this name must be defined on this cluster.  Legal bucket names have a maximum length of 100 characters and may be composed of any character from 'a-z', 'A-Z', '0-9' and '-_%.'.
- `remote_bucket` (String) RemoteBucket is the remote bucket name to synchronize to.  This refers to the Couchbase bucket name, not the resource name of the bucket.  Legal bucket names have a maximum length of 100 characters and may be composed of any character from 'a-z', 'A-Z', '0-9' and '-_%.'.

Optional:

- `compression_type` (String) CompressionType is the type of compression to apply to the replication. When None, no compression will be applied to documents as they are transferred between clusters.  When Auto, Couchbase server will automatically compress documents as they are transferred to reduce bandwidth requirements. This field must be one of 'None' or 'Auto', defaulting to 'Auto'.
- `filter_expression` (String) FilterExpression allows certain documents to be filtered out of the replication.
- `paused` (Boolean) Paused allows a replication to be stopped and restarted without having to restart the replication from the beginning.


<a id="nestedatt--explicit_mapping"></a>
### Nested Schema for `explicit_mapping`

Optional:

- `allow_rules` (Attributes List) The list of explicit replications to carry out including any nested implicit replications: specifying a scope implicitly replicates all collections within it. There should be no duplicates, including more-specific duplicates, e.g. if you specify replication of a scope then you can only deny replication of collections within it. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--explicit_mapping--allow_rules))
- `deny_rules` (Attributes List) The list of explicit replications to prevent including any nested implicit denials: specifying a scope implicitly denies all collections within it. There should be no duplicates, including more-specific duplicates, e.g. if you specify denial of replication of a scope then you can only specify replication of collections within it. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--explicit_mapping--deny_rules))

<a id="nestedatt--explicit_mapping--allow_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `explicit_mapping.allow_rules`

Required:

- `source_keyspace` (Attributes) The source keyspace: where to replicate from. Source and target must match whether they have a collection or not, i.e. you cannot replicate from a scope to a collection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--explicit_mapping--allow_rules--source_keyspace))
- `target_keyspace` (Attributes) The target keyspace: where to replicate to. Source and target must match whether they have a collection or not, i.e. you cannot replicate from a scope to a collection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--explicit_mapping--allow_rules--target_keyspace))

<a id="nestedatt--explicit_mapping--allow_rules--source_keyspace"></a>
### Nested Schema for `explicit_mapping.allow_rules.source_keyspace`

Required:

- `scope` (String) The scope to use.

Optional:

- `collection` (String) The optional collection within the scope. May be empty to just work at scope level.


<a id="nestedatt--explicit_mapping--allow_rules--target_keyspace"></a>
### Nested Schema for `explicit_mapping.allow_rules.target_keyspace`

Required:

- `scope` (String) The scope to use.

Optional:

- `collection` (String) The optional collection within the scope. May be empty to just work at scope level.



<a id="nestedatt--explicit_mapping--deny_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `explicit_mapping.deny_rules`

Required:

- `source_keyspace` (Attributes) The source keyspace: where to block replication from. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--explicit_mapping--deny_rules--source_keyspace))

<a id="nestedatt--explicit_mapping--deny_rules--source_keyspace"></a>
### Nested Schema for `explicit_mapping.deny_rules.source_keyspace`

Required:

- `scope` (String) The scope to use.

Optional:

- `collection` (String) The optional collection within the scope. May be empty to just work at scope level.




<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_couchbase_com_couchbase_replication_v2/import.sh"}}
