---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_couchbase_com_couchbase_collection_v2 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "couchbase.com"
description: |-
  CouchbaseCollection represent the finest grained size of data storage in Couchbase. Collections contain all documents and indexes in the system.  Collections also form the finest grain basis for role-based access control (RBAC) and cross-datacenter replication (XDCR).  In order to be considered by the Operator, every collection must be referenced by a 'CouchbaseScope' or 'CouchbaseScopeGroup' resource.
---

# k8s_couchbase_com_couchbase_collection_v2 (Resource)

CouchbaseCollection represent the finest grained size of data storage in Couchbase. Collections contain all documents and indexes in the system.  Collections also form the finest grain basis for role-based access control (RBAC) and cross-datacenter replication (XDCR).  In order to be considered by the Operator, every collection must be referenced by a 'CouchbaseScope' or 'CouchbaseScopeGroup' resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_couchbase_com_couchbase_collection_v2" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) Spec defines the desired state of the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `max_ttl` (String) MaxTTL defines how long a document is permitted to exist for, without modification, until it is automatically deleted.  This field takes precedence over any TTL defined at the bucket level.  This is a default, and maximum time-to-live and may be set to a lower value by the client.  If the client specifies a higher value, then it is truncated to the maximum durability.  Documents are removed by Couchbase, after they have expired, when either accessed, the expiry pager is run, or the bucket is compacted.  When set to 0, then documents are not expired by default.  This field must be a duration in the range 0-2147483648s, defaulting to 0.  More info: https://golang.org/pkg/time/#ParseDuration
- `name` (String) Name specifies the name of the collection.  By default, the metadata.name is used to define the collection name, however, due to the limited character set, this field can be used to override the default and provide the full functionality. Additionally the 'metadata.name' field is a DNS label, and thus limited to 63 characters, this field must be used if the name is longer than this limit. Collection names must be 1-251 characters in length, contain only [a-zA-Z0-9_-%] and not start with either _ or %.


<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_couchbase_com_couchbase_collection_v2/import.sh"}}
