---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_crd_projectcalico_org_kube_controllers_configuration_v1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "crd.projectcalico.org"
description: |-
  
---

# k8s_crd_projectcalico_org_kube_controllers_configuration_v1 (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_crd_projectcalico_org_kube_controllers_configuration_v1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) KubeControllersConfigurationSpec contains the values of the Kubernetes controllers configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `controllers` (Attributes) Controllers enables and configures individual Kubernetes controllers (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--controllers))

Optional:

- `debug_profile_port` (Number) DebugProfilePort configures the port to serve memory and cpu profiles on. If not specified, profiling is disabled.
- `etcd_v3_compaction_period` (String) EtcdV3CompactionPeriod is the period between etcdv3 compaction requests. Set to 0 to disable. [Default: 10m]
- `health_checks` (String) HealthChecks enables or disables support for health checks [Default: Enabled]
- `log_severity_screen` (String) LogSeverityScreen is the log severity above which logs are sent to the stdout. [Default: Info]
- `prometheus_metrics_port` (Number) PrometheusMetricsPort is the TCP port that the Prometheus metrics server should bind to. Set to 0 to disable. [Default: 9094]

<a id="nestedatt--spec--controllers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.controllers`

Optional:

- `namespace` (Attributes) Namespace enables and configures the namespace controller. Enabled by default, set to nil to disable. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--controllers--namespace))
- `node` (Attributes) Node enables and configures the node controller. Enabled by default, set to nil to disable. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--controllers--node))
- `policy` (Attributes) Policy enables and configures the policy controller. Enabled by default, set to nil to disable. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--controllers--policy))
- `service_account` (Attributes) ServiceAccount enables and configures the service account controller. Enabled by default, set to nil to disable. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--controllers--service_account))
- `workload_endpoint` (Attributes) WorkloadEndpoint enables and configures the workload endpoint controller. Enabled by default, set to nil to disable. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--controllers--workload_endpoint))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--controllers--namespace"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.controllers.namespace`

Optional:

- `reconciler_period` (String) ReconcilerPeriod is the period to perform reconciliation with the Calico datastore. [Default: 5m]


<a id="nestedatt--spec--controllers--node"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.controllers.node`

Optional:

- `host_endpoint` (Attributes) HostEndpoint controls syncing nodes to host endpoints. Disabled by default, set to nil to disable. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--controllers--node--host_endpoint))
- `leak_grace_period` (String) LeakGracePeriod is the period used by the controller to determine if an IP address has been leaked. Set to 0 to disable IP garbage collection. [Default: 15m]
- `reconciler_period` (String) ReconcilerPeriod is the period to perform reconciliation with the Calico datastore. [Default: 5m]
- `sync_labels` (String) SyncLabels controls whether to copy Kubernetes node labels to Calico nodes. [Default: Enabled]

<a id="nestedatt--spec--controllers--node--host_endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.controllers.node.sync_labels`

Optional:

- `auto_create` (String) AutoCreate enables automatic creation of host endpoints for every node. [Default: Disabled]



<a id="nestedatt--spec--controllers--policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.controllers.policy`

Optional:

- `reconciler_period` (String) ReconcilerPeriod is the period to perform reconciliation with the Calico datastore. [Default: 5m]


<a id="nestedatt--spec--controllers--service_account"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.controllers.service_account`

Optional:

- `reconciler_period` (String) ReconcilerPeriod is the period to perform reconciliation with the Calico datastore. [Default: 5m]


<a id="nestedatt--spec--controllers--workload_endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.controllers.workload_endpoint`

Optional:

- `reconciler_period` (String) ReconcilerPeriod is the period to perform reconciliation with the Calico datastore. [Default: 5m]




<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_crd_projectcalico_org_kube_controllers_configuration_v1/import.sh"}}
