---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_crd_projectcalico_org_bgp_configuration_v1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "crd.projectcalico.org"
description: |-
  BGPConfiguration contains the configuration for any BGP routing.
---

# k8s_crd_projectcalico_org_bgp_configuration_v1 (Resource)

BGPConfiguration contains the configuration for any BGP routing.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_crd_projectcalico_org_bgp_configuration_v1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) BGPConfigurationSpec contains the values of the BGP configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `as_number` (Number) ASNumber is the default AS number used by a node. [Default: 64512]
- `bind_mode` (String) BindMode indicates whether to listen for BGP connections on all addresses (None) or only on the node's canonical IP address Node.Spec.BGP.IPvXAddress (NodeIP). Default behaviour is to listen for BGP connections on all addresses.
- `communities` (Attributes List) Communities is a list of BGP community values and their arbitrary names for tagging routes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--communities))
- `ignored_interfaces` (List of String) IgnoredInterfaces indicates the network interfaces that needs to be excluded when reading device routes.
- `listen_port` (Number) ListenPort is the port where BGP protocol should listen. Defaults to 179
- `log_severity_screen` (String) LogSeverityScreen is the log severity above which logs are sent to the stdout. [Default: INFO]
- `node_mesh_max_restart_time` (String) Time to allow for software restart for node-to-mesh peerings.  When specified, this is configured as the graceful restart timeout.  When not specified, the BIRD default of 120s is used. This field can only be set on the default BGPConfiguration instance and requires that NodeMesh is enabled
- `node_mesh_password` (Attributes) Optional BGP password for full node-to-mesh peerings. This field can only be set on the default BGPConfiguration instance and requires that NodeMesh is enabled (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--node_mesh_password))
- `node_to_node_mesh_enabled` (Boolean) NodeToNodeMeshEnabled sets whether full node to node BGP mesh is enabled. [Default: true]
- `prefix_advertisements` (Attributes List) PrefixAdvertisements contains per-prefix advertisement configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--prefix_advertisements))
- `service_cluster_i_ps` (Attributes List) ServiceClusterIPs are the CIDR blocks from which service cluster IPs are allocated. If specified, Calico will advertise these blocks, as well as any cluster IPs within them. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--service_cluster_i_ps))
- `service_external_i_ps` (Attributes List) ServiceExternalIPs are the CIDR blocks for Kubernetes Service External IPs. Kubernetes Service ExternalIPs will only be advertised if they are within one of these blocks. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--service_external_i_ps))
- `service_load_balancer_i_ps` (Attributes List) ServiceLoadBalancerIPs are the CIDR blocks for Kubernetes Service LoadBalancer IPs. Kubernetes Service status.LoadBalancer.Ingress IPs will only be advertised if they are within one of these blocks. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--service_load_balancer_i_ps))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--communities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.communities`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name given to community value.
- `value` (String) Value must be of format 'aa:nn' or 'aa:nn:mm'. For standard community use 'aa:nn' format, where 'aa' and 'nn' are 16 bit number. For large community use 'aa:nn:mm' format, where 'aa', 'nn' and 'mm' are 32 bit number. Where, 'aa' is an AS Number, 'nn' and 'mm' are per-AS identifier.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--node_mesh_password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.node_mesh_password`

Optional:

- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a secret in the node pod's namespace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--node_mesh_password--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--node_mesh_password--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.node_mesh_password.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined



<a id="nestedatt--spec--prefix_advertisements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.prefix_advertisements`

Optional:

- `cidr` (String) CIDR for which properties should be advertised.
- `communities` (List of String) Communities can be list of either community names already defined in 'Specs.Communities' or community value of format 'aa:nn' or 'aa:nn:mm'. For standard community use 'aa:nn' format, where 'aa' and 'nn' are 16 bit number. For large community use 'aa:nn:mm' format, where 'aa', 'nn' and 'mm' are 32 bit number. Where,'aa' is an AS Number, 'nn' and 'mm' are per-AS identifier.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--service_cluster_i_ps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.service_cluster_i_ps`

Optional:

- `cidr` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--service_external_i_ps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.service_external_i_ps`

Optional:

- `cidr` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--service_load_balancer_i_ps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.service_load_balancer_i_ps`

Optional:

- `cidr` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_crd_projectcalico_org_bgp_configuration_v1/import.sh"}}
