---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_crd_projectcalico_org_host_endpoint_v1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "crd.projectcalico.org"
description: |-
  
---

# k8s_crd_projectcalico_org_host_endpoint_v1 (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_crd_projectcalico_org_host_endpoint_v1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) HostEndpointSpec contains the specification for a HostEndpoint resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `expected_i_ps` (List of String) The expected IP addresses (IPv4 and IPv6) of the endpoint. If 'InterfaceName' is not present, Calico will look for an interface matching any of the IPs in the list and apply policy to that. Note: 	When using the selector match criteria in an ingress or egress security Policy 	or Profile, Calico converts the selector into a set of IP addresses. For host 	endpoints, the ExpectedIPs field is used for that purpose. (If only the interface 	name is specified, Calico does not learn the IPs of the interface for use in match 	criteria.)
- `interface_name` (String) Either '*', or the name of a specific Linux interface to apply policy to; or empty.  '*' indicates that this HostEndpoint governs all traffic to, from or through the default network namespace of the host named by the 'Node' field; entering and leaving that namespace via any interface, including those from/to non-host-networked local workloads.  If InterfaceName is not '*', this HostEndpoint only governs traffic that enters or leaves the host through the specific interface named by InterfaceName, or - when InterfaceName is empty - through the specific interface that has one of the IPs in ExpectedIPs. Therefore, when InterfaceName is empty, at least one expected IP must be specified.  Only external interfaces (such as 'eth0') are supported here; it isn't possible for a HostEndpoint to protect traffic through a specific local workload interface.  Note: Only some kinds of policy are implemented for '*' HostEndpoints; initially just pre-DNAT policy.  Please check Calico documentation for the latest position.
- `node` (String) The node name identifying the Calico node instance.
- `ports` (Attributes List) Ports contains the endpoint's named ports, which may be referenced in security policy rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ports))
- `profiles` (List of String) A list of identifiers of security Profile objects that apply to this endpoint. Each profile is applied in the order that they appear in this list.  Profile rules are applied after the selector-based security policy.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ports`

Required:

- `name` (String)
- `port` (Number)
- `protocol` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_crd_projectcalico_org_host_endpoint_v1/import.sh"}}
