---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_data_fluid_io_data_load_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "data.fluid.io"
description: |-
  DataLoad is the Schema for the dataloads API
---

# k8s_data_fluid_io_data_load_v1alpha1 (Resource)

DataLoad is the Schema for the dataloads API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_data_fluid_io_data_load_v1alpha1" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) DataLoadSpec defines the desired state of DataLoad (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `dataset` (Attributes) Dataset defines the target dataset of the DataLoad (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--dataset))
- `load_metadata` (Boolean) LoadMetadata specifies if the dataload job should load metadata
- `options` (Map of String) Options specifies the extra dataload properties for runtime
- `pod_metadata` (Attributes) PodMetadata defines labels and annotations that will be propagated to DataLoad pods (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_metadata))
- `target` (Attributes List) Target defines target paths that needs to be loaded (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--target))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--dataset"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.dataset`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name defines name of the target dataset

Optional:

- `namespace` (String) Namespace defines namespace of the target dataset


<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations are annotations of pod specification
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels are labels of pod specification


<a id="nestedatt--spec--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.target`

Required:

- `path` (String) Path defines path to be load

Optional:

- `replicas` (Number) Replicas defines how many replicas will be loaded


