---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_digitalis_io_vals_secret_v1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "digitalis.io"
description: |-
  ValsSecret is the Schema for the valssecrets API
---

# k8s_digitalis_io_vals_secret_v1 (Resource)

ValsSecret is the Schema for the valssecrets API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_digitalis_io_vals_secret_v1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) ValsSecretSpec defines the desired state of ValsSecret (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `data` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--data))

Optional:

- `databases` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--databases))
- `name` (String)
- `template` (Map of String)
- `ttl` (Number)
- `type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.data`

Required:

- `ref` (String) Ref value to the secret in the format ref+backend://path https://github.com/helmfile/vals

Optional:

- `encoding` (String) Encoding type for the secret. Only base64 supported. Optional


<a id="nestedatt--spec--databases"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.databases`

Required:

- `driver` (String) Defines the database type
- `hosts` (List of String) List of hosts to connect to, they'll be tried in sequence until one succeeds
- `password_key` (String) Key in the secret containing the database username

Optional:

- `login_credentials` (Attributes) Credentials to access the database (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--databases--login_credentials))
- `port` (Number) Database port number
- `user_host` (String) Used for MySQL only, the host part for the username
- `username_key` (String) Key in the secret containing the database username

<a id="nestedatt--spec--databases--login_credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.databases.login_credentials`

Required:

- `password_key` (String) Key in the secret containing the database username
- `secret_name` (String) Name of the secret containing the credentials to be able to log in to the database

Optional:

- `namespace` (String) Optional namespace of the secret, default current namespace
- `username_key` (String) Key in the secret containing the database username




<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_digitalis_io_vals_secret_v1/import.sh"}}
