---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_ec2_services_k8s_aws_nat_gateway_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "ec2.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  NATGateway is the Schema for the NATGateways API
---

# k8s_ec2_services_k8s_aws_nat_gateway_v1alpha1 (Resource)

NATGateway is the Schema for the NATGateways API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_ec2_services_k8s_aws_nat_gateway_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) NatGatewaySpec defines the desired state of NatGateway.  Describes a NAT gateway. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `allocation_id` (String) [Public NAT gateways only] The allocation ID of an Elastic IP address to associate with the NAT gateway. You cannot specify an Elastic IP address with a private NAT gateway. If the Elastic IP address is associated with another resource, you must first disassociate it.
- `allocation_ref` (Attributes) AWSResourceReferenceWrapper provides a wrapper around *AWSResourceReference type to provide more user friendly syntax for references using 'from' field Ex: APIIDRef:  from: name: my-api (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--allocation_ref))
- `connectivity_type` (String) Indicates whether the NAT gateway supports public or private connectivity. The default is public connectivity.
- `subnet_id` (String) The subnet in which to create the NAT gateway.
- `subnet_ref` (Attributes) AWSResourceReferenceWrapper provides a wrapper around *AWSResourceReference type to provide more user friendly syntax for references using 'from' field Ex: APIIDRef:  from: name: my-api (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--subnet_ref))
- `tags` (Attributes List) The tags. The value parameter is required, but if you don't want the tag to have a value, specify the parameter with no value, and we set the value to an empty string. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--allocation_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.allocation_ref`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference another k8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--allocation_ref--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--allocation_ref--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.allocation_ref.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--subnet_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.subnet_ref`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference another k8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--subnet_ref--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--subnet_ref--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.subnet_ref.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_ec2_services_k8s_aws_nat_gateway_v1alpha1/import.sh"}}
