---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_ec2_services_k8s_aws_route_table_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "ec2.services.k8s.aws/v1alpha1"
description: |-
  RouteTable is the Schema for the RouteTables API
---

# k8s_ec2_services_k8s_aws_route_table_v1alpha1 (Resource)

RouteTable is the Schema for the RouteTables API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_ec2_services_k8s_aws_route_table_v1alpha1" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) RouteTableSpec defines the desired state of RouteTable.  Describes a route table. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `routes` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes))
- `tags` (Attributes List) The tags. The value parameter is required, but if you don't want the tag to have a value, specify the parameter with no value, and we set the value to an empty string. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tags))
- `vpc_id` (String) The ID of the VPC.
- `vpc_ref` (Attributes) AWSResourceReferenceWrapper provides a wrapper around *AWSResourceReference type to provide more user friendly syntax for references using 'from' field Ex: APIIDRef: from: name: my-api (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vpc_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes`

Optional:

- `carrier_gateway_id` (String)
- `core_network_arn` (String)
- `destination_cidr_block` (String)
- `destination_i_pv6_cidr_block` (String)
- `destination_prefix_list_id` (String)
- `egress_only_internet_gateway_id` (String)
- `gateway_id` (String)
- `gateway_ref` (Attributes) Reference field for GatewayID (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--gateway_ref))
- `instance_id` (String)
- `local_gateway_id` (String)
- `nat_gateway_id` (String)
- `nat_gateway_ref` (Attributes) Reference field for NATGatewayID (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--nat_gateway_ref))
- `network_interface_id` (String)
- `transit_gateway_id` (String)
- `transit_gateway_ref` (Attributes) Reference field for TransitGatewayID (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--transit_gateway_ref))
- `vpc_endpoint_id` (String)
- `vpc_endpoint_ref` (Attributes) Reference field for VPCEndpointID (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--vpc_endpoint_ref))
- `vpc_peering_connection_id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--gateway_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.gateway_ref`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference another k8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--gateway_ref--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--gateway_ref--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.gateway_ref.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--nat_gateway_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.nat_gateway_ref`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference another k8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--nat_gateway_ref--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--nat_gateway_ref--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.nat_gateway_ref.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--transit_gateway_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.transit_gateway_ref`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference another k8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--transit_gateway_ref--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--transit_gateway_ref--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.transit_gateway_ref.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--vpc_endpoint_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.vpc_endpoint_ref`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference another k8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--vpc_endpoint_ref--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--vpc_endpoint_ref--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.vpc_endpoint_ref.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--spec--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--vpc_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vpc_ref`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference another k8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vpc_ref--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--vpc_ref--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vpc_ref.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)


