---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_ec2_services_k8s_aws_vpc_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "ec2.services.k8s.aws/v1alpha1"
description: |-
  VPC is the Schema for the VPCS API
---

# k8s_ec2_services_k8s_aws_vpc_v1alpha1 (Resource)

VPC is the Schema for the VPCS API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_ec2_services_k8s_aws_vpc_v1alpha1" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) VpcSpec defines the desired state of Vpc.  Describes a VPC. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `cidr_blocks` (List of String)

Optional:

- `amazon_provided_i_pv6_cidr_block` (Boolean) Requests an Amazon-provided IPv6 CIDR block with a /56 prefix length for the VPC. You cannot specify the range of IP addresses, or the size of the CIDR block.
- `enable_dns_hostnames` (Boolean) The attribute value. The valid values are true or false.
- `enable_dns_support` (Boolean) The attribute value. The valid values are true or false.
- `instance_tenancy` (String) The tenancy options for instances launched into the VPC. For default, instances are launched with shared tenancy by default. You can launch instances with any tenancy into a shared tenancy VPC. For dedicated, instances are launched as dedicated tenancy instances by default. You can only launch instances with a tenancy of dedicated or host into a dedicated tenancy VPC.  Important: The host value cannot be used with this parameter. Use the default or dedicated values only.  Default: default
- `ipv4_ipam_pool_id` (String) The ID of an IPv4 IPAM pool you want to use for allocating this VPC's CIDR. For more information, see What is IPAM? (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/ipam/what-is-it-ipam.html) in the Amazon VPC IPAM User Guide.
- `ipv4_netmask_length` (Number) The netmask length of the IPv4 CIDR you want to allocate to this VPC from an Amazon VPC IP Address Manager (IPAM) pool. For more information about IPAM, see What is IPAM? (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/ipam/what-is-it-ipam.html) in the Amazon VPC IPAM User Guide.
- `ipv6_cidr_block` (String) The IPv6 CIDR block from the IPv6 address pool. You must also specify Ipv6Pool in the request.  To let Amazon choose the IPv6 CIDR block for you, omit this parameter.
- `ipv6_cidr_block_network_border_group` (String) The name of the location from which we advertise the IPV6 CIDR block. Use this parameter to limit the address to this location.  You must set AmazonProvidedIpv6CidrBlock to true to use this parameter.
- `ipv6_ipam_pool_id` (String) The ID of an IPv6 IPAM pool which will be used to allocate this VPC an IPv6 CIDR. IPAM is a VPC feature that you can use to automate your IP address management workflows including assigning, tracking, troubleshooting, and auditing IP addresses across Amazon Web Services Regions and accounts throughout your Amazon Web Services Organization. For more information, see What is IPAM? (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/ipam/what-is-it-ipam.html) in the Amazon VPC IPAM User Guide.
- `ipv6_netmask_length` (Number) The netmask length of the IPv6 CIDR you want to allocate to this VPC from an Amazon VPC IP Address Manager (IPAM) pool. For more information about IPAM, see What is IPAM? (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/ipam/what-is-it-ipam.html) in the Amazon VPC IPAM User Guide.
- `ipv6_pool` (String) The ID of an IPv6 address pool from which to allocate the IPv6 CIDR block.
- `tags` (Attributes List) The tags. The value parameter is required, but if you don't want the tag to have a value, specify the parameter with no value, and we set the value to an empty string. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


