---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_ec2_services_k8s_aws_vpc_endpoint_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "ec2.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  VPCEndpoint is the Schema for the VPCEndpoints API
---

# k8s_ec2_services_k8s_aws_vpc_endpoint_v1alpha1 (Resource)

VPCEndpoint is the Schema for the VPCEndpoints API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_ec2_services_k8s_aws_vpc_endpoint_v1alpha1" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) VpcEndpointSpec defines the desired state of VpcEndpoint.  Describes a VPC endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `service_name` (String) The service name. To get a list of available services, use the DescribeVpcEndpointServices request, or get the name from the service provider.

Optional:

- `dns_options` (Attributes) The DNS options for the endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--dns_options))
- `ip_address_type` (String) The IP address type for the endpoint.
- `policy_document` (String) (Interface and gateway endpoints) A policy to attach to the endpoint that controls access to the service. The policy must be in valid JSON format. If this parameter is not specified, we attach a default policy that allows full access to the service.
- `private_dns_enabled` (Boolean) (Interface endpoint) Indicates whether to associate a private hosted zone with the specified VPC. The private hosted zone contains a record set for the default public DNS name for the service for the Region (for example, kinesis.us-east-1.amazonaws.com), which resolves to the private IP addresses of the endpoint network interfaces in the VPC. This enables you to make requests to the default public DNS name for the service instead of the public DNS names that are automatically generated by the VPC endpoint service.  To use a private hosted zone, you must set the following VPC attributes to true: enableDnsHostnames and enableDnsSupport. Use ModifyVpcAttribute to set the VPC attributes.  Default: true
- `route_table_i_ds` (List of String) (Gateway endpoint) One or more route table IDs.
- `route_table_refs` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--route_table_refs))
- `security_group_i_ds` (List of String) (Interface endpoint) The ID of one or more security groups to associate with the endpoint network interface.
- `security_group_refs` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security_group_refs))
- `subnet_i_ds` (List of String) (Interface and Gateway Load Balancer endpoints) The ID of one or more subnets in which to create an endpoint network interface. For a Gateway Load Balancer endpoint, you can specify one subnet only.
- `subnet_refs` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--subnet_refs))
- `tags` (Attributes List) The tags. The value parameter is required, but if you don't want the tag to have a value, specify the parameter with no value, and we set the value to an empty string. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tags))
- `vpc_endpoint_type` (String) The type of endpoint.  Default: Gateway
- `vpc_id` (String) The ID of the VPC in which the endpoint will be used.
- `vpc_ref` (Attributes) AWSResourceReferenceWrapper provides a wrapper around *AWSResourceReference type to provide more user friendly syntax for references using 'from' field Ex: APIIDRef: from: name: my-api (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vpc_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--dns_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.dns_options`

Optional:

- `dns_record_ip_type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--route_table_refs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.route_table_refs`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference another k8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--route_table_refs--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--route_table_refs--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.route_table_refs.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--security_group_refs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security_group_refs`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference another k8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--security_group_refs--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--security_group_refs--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.security_group_refs.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--subnet_refs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.subnet_refs`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference another k8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--subnet_refs--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--subnet_refs--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.subnet_refs.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--vpc_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vpc_ref`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference another k8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vpc_ref--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--vpc_ref--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vpc_ref.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)


