---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_ecr_services_k8s_aws_repository_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "ecr.services.k8s.aws/v1alpha1"
description: |-
  Repository is the Schema for the Repositories API
---

# k8s_ecr_services_k8s_aws_repository_v1alpha1 (Resource)

Repository is the Schema for the Repositories API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_ecr_services_k8s_aws_repository_v1alpha1" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) RepositorySpec defines the desired state of Repository.  An object representing a repository. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name to use for the repository. The repository name may be specified on its own (such as nginx-web-app) or it can be prepended with a namespace to group the repository into a category (such as project-a/nginx-web-app).

Optional:

- `encryption_configuration` (Attributes) The encryption configuration for the repository. This determines how the contents of your repository are encrypted at rest. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--encryption_configuration))
- `image_scanning_configuration` (Attributes) The image scanning configuration for the repository. This determines whether images are scanned for known vulnerabilities after being pushed to the repository. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--image_scanning_configuration))
- `image_tag_mutability` (String) The tag mutability setting for the repository. If this parameter is omitted, the default setting of MUTABLE will be used which will allow image tags to be overwritten. If IMMUTABLE is specified, all image tags within the repository will be immutable which will prevent them from being overwritten.
- `lifecycle_policy` (String) The JSON repository policy text to apply to the repository.
- `policy` (String) The JSON repository policy text to apply to the repository. For more information, see Amazon ECR repository policies (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECR/latest/userguide/repository-policy-examples.html) in the Amazon Elastic Container Registry User Guide.
- `registry_id` (String) The Amazon Web Services account ID associated with the registry to create the repository. If you do not specify a registry, the default registry is assumed.
- `tags` (Attributes List) The metadata that you apply to the repository to help you categorize and organize them. Each tag consists of a key and an optional value, both of which you define. Tag keys can have a maximum character length of 128 characters, and tag values can have a maximum length of 256 characters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--encryption_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.encryption_configuration`

Optional:

- `encryption_type` (String)
- `kms_key` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--image_scanning_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.image_scanning_configuration`

Optional:

- `scan_on_push` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


