---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_eks_services_k8s_aws_fargate_profile_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "eks.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  FargateProfile is the Schema for the FargateProfiles API
---

# k8s_eks_services_k8s_aws_fargate_profile_v1alpha1 (Resource)

FargateProfile is the Schema for the FargateProfiles API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_eks_services_k8s_aws_fargate_profile_v1alpha1" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) FargateProfileSpec defines the desired state of FargateProfile.  An object representing an Fargate profile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the Fargate profile.

Optional:

- `client_request_token` (String) Unique, case-sensitive identifier that you provide to ensure the idempotency of the request.
- `cluster_name` (String) The name of the Amazon EKS cluster to apply the Fargate profile to.
- `cluster_ref` (Attributes) AWSResourceReferenceWrapper provides a wrapper around *AWSResourceReference type to provide more user friendly syntax for references using 'from' field Ex: APIIDRef: from: name: my-api (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_ref))
- `pod_execution_role_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the pod execution role to use for pods that match the selectors in the Fargate profile. The pod execution role allows Fargate infrastructure to register with your cluster as a node, and it provides read access to Amazon ECR image repositories. For more information, see Pod Execution Role (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/pod-execution-role.html) in the Amazon EKS User Guide.
- `pod_execution_role_ref` (Attributes) AWSResourceReferenceWrapper provides a wrapper around *AWSResourceReference type to provide more user friendly syntax for references using 'from' field Ex: APIIDRef: from: name: my-api (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_execution_role_ref))
- `selectors` (Attributes List) The selectors to match for pods to use this Fargate profile. Each selector must have an associated namespace. Optionally, you can also specify labels for a namespace. You may specify up to five selectors in a Fargate profile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--selectors))
- `subnet_refs` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--subnet_refs))
- `subnets` (List of String) The IDs of subnets to launch your pods into. At this time, pods running on Fargate are not assigned public IP addresses, so only private subnets (with no direct route to an Internet Gateway) are accepted for this parameter.
- `tags` (Map of String) The metadata to apply to the Fargate profile to assist with categorization and organization. Each tag consists of a key and an optional value. You define both. Fargate profile tags do not propagate to any other resources associated with the Fargate profile, such as the pods that are scheduled with it.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_ref`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference another k8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_ref--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_ref--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_ref.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_execution_role_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_execution_role_ref`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference another k8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_execution_role_ref--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_execution_role_ref--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_execution_role_ref.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--selectors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.selectors`

Optional:

- `labels` (Map of String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--subnet_refs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.subnet_refs`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference another k8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--subnet_refs--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--subnet_refs--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.subnet_refs.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)


