---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_eks_services_k8s_aws_addon_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "eks.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  Addon is the Schema for the Addons API
---

# k8s_eks_services_k8s_aws_addon_v1alpha1 (Resource)

Addon is the Schema for the Addons API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_eks_services_k8s_aws_addon_v1alpha1" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) AddonSpec defines the desired state of Addon.  An Amazon EKS add-on. For more information, see Amazon EKS add-ons (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/eks-add-ons.html) in the Amazon EKS User Guide. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the add-on. The name must match one of the names returned by DescribeAddonVersions (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/APIReference/API_DescribeAddonVersions.html).

Optional:

- `addon_version` (String) The version of the add-on. The version must match one of the versions returned by DescribeAddonVersions (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/APIReference/API_DescribeAddonVersions.html).
- `client_request_token` (String) A unique, case-sensitive identifier that you provide to ensure the idempotency of the request.
- `cluster_name` (String) The name of the cluster to create the add-on for.
- `cluster_ref` (Attributes) AWSResourceReferenceWrapper provides a wrapper around *AWSResourceReference type to provide more user friendly syntax for references using 'from' field Ex: APIIDRef: from: name: my-api (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_ref))
- `resolve_conflicts` (String) How to resolve field value conflicts for an Amazon EKS add-on. Conflicts are handled based on the value you choose:  * None – If the self-managed version of the add-on is installed on your cluster, Amazon EKS doesn't change the value. Creation of the add-on might fail.  * Overwrite – If the self-managed version of the add-on is installed on your cluster and the Amazon EKS default value is different than the existing value, Amazon EKS changes the value to the Amazon EKS default value.  * Preserve – Not supported. You can set this value when updating an add-on though. For more information, see UpdateAddon (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/APIReference/API_UpdateAddon.html).  If you don't currently have the self-managed version of the add-on installed on your cluster, the Amazon EKS add-on is installed. Amazon EKS sets all values to default values, regardless of the option that you specify.
- `service_account_role_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of an existing IAM role to bind to the add-on's service account. The role must be assigned the IAM permissions required by the add-on. If you don't specify an existing IAM role, then the add-on uses the permissions assigned to the node IAM role. For more information, see Amazon EKS node IAM role (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/create-node-role.html) in the Amazon EKS User Guide.  To specify an existing IAM role, you must have an IAM OpenID Connect (OIDC) provider created for your cluster. For more information, see Enabling IAM roles for service accounts on your cluster (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/enable-iam-roles-for-service-accounts.html) in the Amazon EKS User Guide.
- `service_account_role_ref` (Attributes) AWSResourceReferenceWrapper provides a wrapper around *AWSResourceReference type to provide more user friendly syntax for references using 'from' field Ex: APIIDRef: from: name: my-api (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--service_account_role_ref))
- `tags` (Map of String) The metadata to apply to the cluster to assist with categorization and organization. Each tag consists of a key and an optional value. You define both.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_ref`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference another k8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_ref--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_ref--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_ref.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--service_account_role_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.service_account_role_ref`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference another k8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--service_account_role_ref--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--service_account_role_ref--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.service_account_role_ref.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)


