---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_elasticache_services_k8s_aws_cache_parameter_group_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "elasticache.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  CacheParameterGroup is the Schema for the CacheParameterGroups API
---

# k8s_elasticache_services_k8s_aws_cache_parameter_group_v1alpha1 (Resource)

CacheParameterGroup is the Schema for the CacheParameterGroups API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_elasticache_services_k8s_aws_cache_parameter_group_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) CacheParameterGroupSpec defines the desired state of CacheParameterGroup.  Represents the output of a CreateCacheParameterGroup operation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `cache_parameter_group_family` (String) The name of the cache parameter group family that the cache parameter group can be used with.  Valid values are: memcached1.4 | memcached1.5 | memcached1.6 | redis2.6 | redis2.8 | redis3.2 | redis4.0 | redis5.0 | redis6.x
- `cache_parameter_group_name` (String) A user-specified name for the cache parameter group.
- `description` (String) A user-specified description for the cache parameter group.

Optional:

- `parameter_name_values` (Attributes List) An array of parameter names and values for the parameter update. You must supply at least one parameter name and value; subsequent arguments are optional. A maximum of 20 parameters may be modified per request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--parameter_name_values))
- `tags` (Attributes List) A list of tags to be added to this resource. A tag is a key-value pair. A tag key must be accompanied by a tag value, although null is accepted. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--parameter_name_values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.parameter_name_values`

Optional:

- `parameter_name` (String)
- `parameter_value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_elasticache_services_k8s_aws_cache_parameter_group_v1alpha1/import.sh"}}
