---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_emrcontainers_services_k8s_aws_job_run_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "emrcontainers.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  JobRun is the Schema for the JobRuns API
---

# k8s_emrcontainers_services_k8s_aws_job_run_v1alpha1 (Resource)

JobRun is the Schema for the JobRuns API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_emrcontainers_services_k8s_aws_job_run_v1alpha1" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) JobRunSpec defines the desired state of JobRun.  This entity describes a job run. A job run is a unit of work, such as a Spark jar, PySpark script, or SparkSQL query, that you submit to Amazon EMR on EKS. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `execution_role_arn` (String) The execution role ARN for the job run.
- `job_driver` (Attributes) The job driver for the job run. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--job_driver))
- `release_label` (String) The Amazon EMR release version to use for the job run.

Optional:

- `name` (String) The name of the job run.
- `tags` (Map of String) The tags assigned to job runs.
- `virtual_cluster_id` (String) The virtual cluster ID for which the job run request is submitted.
- `virtual_cluster_ref` (Attributes) AWSResourceReferenceWrapper provides a wrapper around *AWSResourceReference type to provide more user friendly syntax for references using 'from' field Ex: APIIDRef: from: name: my-api (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--virtual_cluster_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--job_driver"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.job_driver`

Optional:

- `spark_submit_job_driver` (Attributes) The information about job driver for Spark submit. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--job_driver--spark_submit_job_driver))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--job_driver--spark_submit_job_driver"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.job_driver.spark_submit_job_driver`

Optional:

- `entry_point` (String)
- `entry_point_arguments` (List of String)
- `spark_submit_parameters` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--virtual_cluster_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.virtual_cluster_ref`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference another k8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--virtual_cluster_ref--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--virtual_cluster_ref--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.virtual_cluster_ref.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)


