---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_emrcontainers_services_k8s_aws_virtual_cluster_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "emrcontainers.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  VirtualCluster is the Schema for the VirtualClusters API
---

# k8s_emrcontainers_services_k8s_aws_virtual_cluster_v1alpha1 (Resource)

VirtualCluster is the Schema for the VirtualClusters API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_emrcontainers_services_k8s_aws_virtual_cluster_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) VirtualClusterSpec defines the desired state of VirtualCluster.  This entity describes a virtual cluster. A virtual cluster is a Kubernetes namespace that Amazon EMR is registered with. Amazon EMR uses virtual clusters to run jobs and host endpoints. Multiple virtual clusters can be backed by the same physical cluster. However, each virtual cluster maps to one namespace on an EKS cluster. Virtual clusters do not create any active resources that contribute to your bill or that require lifecycle management outside the service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `container_provider` (Attributes) The container provider of the virtual cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--container_provider))
- `name` (String) The specified name of the virtual cluster.

Optional:

- `tags` (Map of String) The tags assigned to the virtual cluster.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--container_provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.container_provider`

Optional:

- `id` (String)
- `info` (Attributes) The information about the container used for a job run or a managed endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--container_provider--info))
- `type_` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--container_provider--info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.container_provider.info`

Optional:

- `eks_info` (Attributes) The information about the EKS cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--container_provider--info--eks_info))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--container_provider--info--eks_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.container_provider.info.eks_info`

Optional:

- `namespace` (String)





<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_emrcontainers_services_k8s_aws_virtual_cluster_v1alpha1/import.sh"}}
