---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_endpoints_v1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "core"
description: |-
  Endpoints is a collection of endpoints that implement the actual service. Example:   Name: 'mysvc',  Subsets: [    {         Addresses: [{'ip': '10.10.1.1'}, {'ip': '10.10.2.2'}],      Ports: [{'name': 'a', 'port': 8675}, {'name': 'b', 'port': 309}]      },      {         Addresses: [{'ip': '10.10.3.3'}],       Ports: [{'name': 'a', 'port': 93}, {'name': 'b', 'port': 76}]     },   ]
---

# k8s_endpoints_v1 (Resource)

Endpoints is a collection of endpoints that implement the actual service. Example:	 Name: 'mysvc',	 Subsets: [	   {	     Addresses: [{'ip': '10.10.1.1'}, {'ip': '10.10.2.2'}],	     Ports: [{'name': 'a', 'port': 8675}, {'name': 'b', 'port': 309}]	   },	   {	     Addresses: [{'ip': '10.10.3.3'}],	     Ports: [{'name': 'a', 'port': 93}, {'name': 'b', 'port': 76}]	   },	]

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_endpoints_v1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `subsets` (Attributes List) The set of all endpoints is the union of all subsets. Addresses are placed into subsets according to the IPs they share. A single address with multiple ports, some of which are ready and some of which are not (because they come from different containers) will result in the address being displayed in different subsets for the different ports. No address will appear in both Addresses and NotReadyAddresses in the same subset. Sets of addresses and ports that comprise a service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subsets))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--subsets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subsets`

Optional:

- `addresses` (Attributes List) IP addresses which offer the related ports that are marked as ready. These endpoints should be considered safe for load balancers and clients to utilize. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subsets--addresses))
- `not_ready_addresses` (Attributes List) IP addresses which offer the related ports but are not currently marked as ready because they have not yet finished starting, have recently failed a readiness check, or have recently failed a liveness check. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subsets--not_ready_addresses))
- `ports` (Attributes List) Port numbers available on the related IP addresses. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subsets--ports))

<a id="nestedatt--subsets--addresses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subsets.addresses`

Required:

- `ip` (String) The IP of this endpoint. May not be loopback (127.0.0.0/8), link-local (169.254.0.0/16), or link-local multicast ((224.0.0.0/24). IPv6 is also accepted but not fully supported on all platforms. Also, certain kubernetes components, like kube-proxy, are not IPv6 ready.

Optional:

- `hostname` (String) The Hostname of this endpoint
- `node_name` (String) Optional: Node hosting this endpoint. This can be used to determine endpoints local to a node.
- `target_ref` (Attributes) ObjectReference contains enough information to let you inspect or modify the referred object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subsets--addresses--target_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--subsets--addresses--target_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subsets.addresses.target_ref`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.
- `field_path` (String) If referring to a piece of an object instead of an entire object, this string should contain a valid JSON/Go field access statement, such as desiredState.manifest.containers[2]. For example, if the object reference is to a container within a pod, this would take on a value like: 'spec.containers{name}' (where 'name' refers to the name of the container that triggered the event) or if no container name is specified 'spec.containers[2]' (container with index 2 in this pod). This syntax is chosen only to have some well-defined way of referencing a part of an object.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/
- `resource_version` (String) Specific resourceVersion to which this reference is made, if any. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `uid` (String) UID of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#uids



<a id="nestedatt--subsets--not_ready_addresses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subsets.not_ready_addresses`

Required:

- `ip` (String) The IP of this endpoint. May not be loopback (127.0.0.0/8), link-local (169.254.0.0/16), or link-local multicast ((224.0.0.0/24). IPv6 is also accepted but not fully supported on all platforms. Also, certain kubernetes components, like kube-proxy, are not IPv6 ready.

Optional:

- `hostname` (String) The Hostname of this endpoint
- `node_name` (String) Optional: Node hosting this endpoint. This can be used to determine endpoints local to a node.
- `target_ref` (Attributes) ObjectReference contains enough information to let you inspect or modify the referred object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subsets--not_ready_addresses--target_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--subsets--not_ready_addresses--target_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subsets.not_ready_addresses.target_ref`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.
- `field_path` (String) If referring to a piece of an object instead of an entire object, this string should contain a valid JSON/Go field access statement, such as desiredState.manifest.containers[2]. For example, if the object reference is to a container within a pod, this would take on a value like: 'spec.containers{name}' (where 'name' refers to the name of the container that triggered the event) or if no container name is specified 'spec.containers[2]' (container with index 2 in this pod). This syntax is chosen only to have some well-defined way of referencing a part of an object.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/
- `resource_version` (String) Specific resourceVersion to which this reference is made, if any. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `uid` (String) UID of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#uids



<a id="nestedatt--subsets--ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subsets.ports`

Required:

- `port` (Number) The port number of the endpoint.

Optional:

- `app_protocol` (String) The application protocol for this port. This field follows standard Kubernetes label syntax. Un-prefixed names are reserved for IANA standard service names (as per RFC-6335 and https://www.iana.org/assignments/service-names). Non-standard protocols should use prefixed names such as mycompany.com/my-custom-protocol.
- `name` (String) The name of this port.  This must match the 'name' field in the corresponding ServicePort. Must be a DNS_LABEL. Optional only if one port is defined.
- `protocol` (String) The IP protocol for this port. Must be UDP, TCP, or SCTP. Default is TCP.



<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_endpoints_v1/import.sh"}}
