---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_extensions_istio_io_wasm_plugin_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "extensions.istio.io"
description: |-
  
---

# k8s_extensions_istio_io_wasm_plugin_v1alpha1 (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_extensions_istio_io_wasm_plugin_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) Extend the functionality provided by the Istio proxy through WebAssembly filters. See more details at: https://istio.io/docs/reference/config/proxy_extensions/wasm-plugin.html (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `fail_strategy` (String) Specifies the failure behavior for the plugin due to fatal errors.
- `image_pull_policy` (String)
- `image_pull_secret` (String) Credentials to use for OCI image pulling.
- `match` (Attributes List) Specifies the criteria to determine which traffic is passed to WasmPlugin. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--match))
- `phase` (String) Determines where in the filter chain this 'WasmPlugin' is to be injected.
- `plugin_config` (Map of String) The configuration that will be passed on to the plugin.
- `plugin_name` (String)
- `priority` (Number) Determines ordering of 'WasmPlugins' in the same 'phase'.
- `selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--selector))
- `sha256` (String) SHA256 checksum that will be used to verify Wasm module or OCI container.
- `type` (String) Specifies the type of Wasm Extension to be used.
- `url` (String) URL of a Wasm module or OCI container.
- `verification_key` (String)
- `vm_config` (Attributes) Configuration for a Wasm VM. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vm_config))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--match"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.match`

Optional:

- `mode` (String) Criteria for selecting traffic by their direction.
- `ports` (Attributes List) Criteria for selecting traffic by their destination port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--match--ports))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--match--ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.match.ports`

Optional:

- `number` (Number)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.selector`

Optional:

- `match_labels` (Map of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--vm_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vm_config`

Optional:

- `env` (Attributes List) Specifies environment variables to be injected to this VM. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vm_config--env))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--vm_config--env"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vm_config.env`

Optional:

- `name` (String)
- `value` (String) Value for the environment variable.
- `value_from` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_extensions_istio_io_wasm_plugin_v1alpha1/import.sh"}}
