---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_flow_volcano_sh_job_flow_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "flow.volcano.sh"
description: |-
  JobFlow is the Schema for the jobflows API
---

# k8s_flow_volcano_sh_job_flow_v1alpha1 (Resource)

JobFlow is the Schema for the jobflows API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_flow_volcano_sh_job_flow_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) JobFlowSpec defines the desired state of JobFlow (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `flows` (Attributes List) Foo is an example field of JobFlow. Edit jobflow_types.go to remove/update (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--flows))
- `job_retain_policy` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--flows"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.flows`

Required:

- `name` (String)

Optional:

- `depends_on` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--flows--depends_on))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--flows--depends_on"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.flows.depends_on`

Optional:

- `probe` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--flows--depends_on--probe))
- `targets` (List of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--flows--depends_on--probe"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.flows.depends_on.targets`

Optional:

- `http_get_list` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--flows--depends_on--targets--http_get_list))
- `task_status_list` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--flows--depends_on--targets--task_status_list))
- `tcp_socket_list` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--flows--depends_on--targets--tcp_socket_list))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--flows--depends_on--targets--http_get_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.flows.depends_on.targets.http_get_list`

Optional:

- `http_header` (Attributes) HTTPHeader describes a custom header to be used in HTTP probes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--flows--depends_on--targets--http_get_list--http_header))
- `path` (String)
- `port` (Number)
- `task_name` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--flows--depends_on--targets--http_get_list--http_header"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.flows.depends_on.targets.http_get_list.task_name`

Required:

- `name` (String) The header field name
- `value` (String) The header field value



<a id="nestedatt--spec--flows--depends_on--targets--task_status_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.flows.depends_on.targets.task_status_list`

Optional:

- `phase` (String)
- `task_name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--flows--depends_on--targets--tcp_socket_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.flows.depends_on.targets.tcp_socket_list`

Required:

- `port` (Number)

Optional:

- `task_name` (String)






<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_flow_volcano_sh_job_flow_v1alpha1/import.sh"}}
