---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_gateway_networking_k8s_io_gateway_v1alpha2 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "gateway.networking.k8s.io"
description: |-
  Gateway represents an instance of a service-traffic handling infrastructure by binding Listeners to a set of IP addresses.
---

# k8s_gateway_networking_k8s_io_gateway_v1alpha2 (Resource)

Gateway represents an instance of a service-traffic handling infrastructure by binding Listeners to a set of IP addresses.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_gateway_networking_k8s_io_gateway_v1alpha2" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) Spec defines the desired state of Gateway. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `gateway_class_name` (String) GatewayClassName used for this Gateway. This is the name of a GatewayClass resource.
- `listeners` (Attributes List) Listeners associated with this Gateway. Listeners define logical endpoints that are bound on this Gateway's addresses. At least one Listener MUST be specified.  Each listener in a Gateway must have a unique combination of Hostname, Port, and Protocol.  An implementation MAY group Listeners by Port and then collapse each group of Listeners into a single Listener if the implementation determines that the Listeners in the group are 'compatible'. An implementation MAY also group together and collapse compatible Listeners belonging to different Gateways.  For example, an implementation might consider Listeners to be compatible with each other if all of the following conditions are met:  1. Either each Listener within the group specifies the 'HTTP'    Protocol or each Listener within the group specifies either    the 'HTTPS' or 'TLS' Protocol.  2. Each Listener within the group specifies a Hostname that is unique    within the group.  3. As a special case, one Listener within a group may omit Hostname,    in which case this Listener matches when no other Listener    matches.  If the implementation does collapse compatible Listeners, the hostname provided in the incoming client request MUST be matched to a Listener to find the correct set of Routes. The incoming hostname MUST be matched using the Hostname field for each Listener in order of most to least specific. That is, exact matches must be processed before wildcard matches.  If this field specifies multiple Listeners that have the same Port value but are not compatible, the implementation must raise a 'Conflicted' condition in the Listener status.  Support: Core (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--listeners))

Optional:

- `addresses` (Attributes List) Addresses requested for this Gateway. This is optional and behavior can depend on the implementation. If a value is set in the spec and the requested address is invalid or unavailable, the implementation MUST indicate this in the associated entry in GatewayStatus.Addresses.  The Addresses field represents a request for the address(es) on the 'outside of the Gateway', that traffic bound for this Gateway will use. This could be the IP address or hostname of an external load balancer or other networking infrastructure, or some other address that traffic will be sent to.  The .listener.hostname field is used to route traffic that has already arrived at the Gateway to the correct in-cluster destination.  If no Addresses are specified, the implementation MAY schedule the Gateway in an implementation-specific manner, assigning an appropriate set of Addresses.  The implementation MUST bind all Listeners to every GatewayAddress that it assigns to the Gateway and add a corresponding entry in GatewayStatus.Addresses.  Support: Core (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--addresses))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--listeners"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.listeners`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the Listener.  Support: Core
- `port` (Number) Port is the network port. Multiple listeners may use the same port, subject to the Listener compatibility rules.  Support: Core
- `protocol` (String) Protocol specifies the network protocol this listener expects to receive.  Support: Core

Optional:

- `allowed_routes` (Attributes) AllowedRoutes defines the types of routes that MAY be attached to a Listener and the trusted namespaces where those Route resources MAY be present.  Although a client request may match multiple route rules, only one rule may ultimately receive the request. Matching precedence MUST be determined in order of the following criteria:  * The most specific match as defined by the Route type. * The oldest Route based on creation timestamp. For example, a Route with   a creation timestamp of '2020-09-08 01:02:03' is given precedence over   a Route with a creation timestamp of '2020-09-08 01:02:04'. * If everything else is equivalent, the Route appearing first in   alphabetical order (namespace/name) should be given precedence. For   example, foo/bar is given precedence over foo/baz.  All valid rules within a Route attached to this Listener should be implemented. Invalid Route rules can be ignored (sometimes that will mean the full Route). If a Route rule transitions from valid to invalid, support for that Route rule should be dropped to ensure consistency. For example, even if a filter specified by a Route rule is invalid, the rest of the rules within that Route should still be supported.  Support: Core (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--listeners--allowed_routes))
- `hostname` (String) Hostname specifies the virtual hostname to match for protocol types that define this concept. When unspecified, all hostnames are matched. This field is ignored for protocols that don't require hostname based matching.  Implementations MUST apply Hostname matching appropriately for each of the following protocols:  * TLS: The Listener Hostname MUST match the SNI. * HTTP: The Listener Hostname MUST match the Host header of the request. * HTTPS: The Listener Hostname SHOULD match at both the TLS and HTTP   protocol layers as described above. If an implementation does not   ensure that both the SNI and Host header match the Listener hostname,   it MUST clearly document that.  For HTTPRoute and TLSRoute resources, there is an interaction with the 'spec.hostnames' array. When both listener and route specify hostnames, there MUST be an intersection between the values for a Route to be accepted. For more information, refer to the Route specific Hostnames documentation.  Support: Core
- `tls` (Attributes) TLS is the TLS configuration for the Listener. This field is required if the Protocol field is 'HTTPS' or 'TLS'. It is invalid to set this field if the Protocol field is 'HTTP', 'TCP', or 'UDP'.  The association of SNIs to Certificate defined in GatewayTLSConfig is defined based on the Hostname field for this listener.  The GatewayClass MUST use the longest matching SNI out of all available certificates for any TLS handshake.  Support: Core (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--listeners--tls))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--listeners--allowed_routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.listeners.allowed_routes`

Optional:

- `kinds` (Attributes List) Kinds specifies the groups and kinds of Routes that are allowed to bind to this Gateway Listener. When unspecified or empty, the kinds of Routes selected are determined using the Listener protocol.  A RouteGroupKind MUST correspond to kinds of Routes that are compatible with the application protocol specified in the Listener's Protocol field. If an implementation does not support or recognize this resource type, it MUST set the 'ResolvedRefs' condition to False for this Listener with the 'InvalidRoutesRef' reason.  Support: Core (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--listeners--allowed_routes--kinds))
- `namespaces` (Attributes) Namespaces indicates namespaces from which Routes may be attached to this Listener. This is restricted to the namespace of this Gateway by default.  Support: Core (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--listeners--allowed_routes--namespaces))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--listeners--allowed_routes--kinds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.listeners.allowed_routes.namespaces`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind is the kind of the Route.

Optional:

- `group` (String) Group is the group of the Route.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--listeners--allowed_routes--namespaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.listeners.allowed_routes.namespaces`

Optional:

- `from` (String) From indicates where Routes will be selected for this Gateway. Possible values are: * All: Routes in all namespaces may be used by this Gateway. * Selector: Routes in namespaces selected by the selector may be used by   this Gateway. * Same: Only Routes in the same namespace may be used by this Gateway.  Support: Core
- `selector` (Attributes) Selector must be specified when From is set to 'Selector'. In that case, only Routes in Namespaces matching this Selector will be selected by this Gateway. This field is ignored for other values of 'From'.  Support: Core (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--listeners--allowed_routes--namespaces--selector))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--listeners--allowed_routes--namespaces--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.listeners.allowed_routes.namespaces.selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--listeners--allowed_routes--namespaces--selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--listeners--allowed_routes--namespaces--selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.listeners.allowed_routes.namespaces.selector.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--listeners--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.listeners.tls`

Optional:

- `certificate_refs` (Attributes List) CertificateRefs contains a series of references to Kubernetes objects that contains TLS certificates and private keys. These certificates are used to establish a TLS handshake for requests that match the hostname of the associated listener.  A single CertificateRef to a Kubernetes Secret has 'Core' support. Implementations MAY choose to support attaching multiple certificates to a Listener, but this behavior is implementation-specific.  References to a resource in different namespace are invalid UNLESS there is a ReferencePolicy in the target namespace that allows the certificate to be attached. If a ReferencePolicy does not allow this reference, the 'ResolvedRefs' condition MUST be set to False for this listener with the 'InvalidCertificateRef' reason.  This field is required to have at least one element when the mode is set to 'Terminate' (default) and is optional otherwise.  CertificateRefs can reference to standard Kubernetes resources, i.e. Secret, or implementation-specific custom resources.  Support: Core - A single reference to a Kubernetes Secret  Support: Implementation-specific (More than one reference or other resource types) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--listeners--tls--certificate_refs))
- `mode` (String) Mode defines the TLS behavior for the TLS session initiated by the client. There are two possible modes:  - Terminate: The TLS session between the downstream client   and the Gateway is terminated at the Gateway. This mode requires   certificateRefs to be set and contain at least one element. - Passthrough: The TLS session is NOT terminated by the Gateway. This   implies that the Gateway can't decipher the TLS stream except for   the ClientHello message of the TLS protocol.   CertificateRefs field is ignored in this mode.  Support: Core
- `options` (Map of String) Options are a list of key/value pairs to enable extended TLS configuration for each implementation. For example, configuring the minimum TLS version or supported cipher suites.  A set of common keys MAY be defined by the API in the future. To avoid any ambiguity, implementation-specific definitions MUST use domain-prefixed names, such as 'example.com/my-custom-option'. Un-prefixed names are reserved for key names defined by Gateway API.  Support: Implementation-specific

<a id="nestedatt--spec--listeners--tls--certificate_refs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.listeners.tls.options`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the referent.

Optional:

- `group` (String) Group is the group of the referent. For example, 'networking.k8s.io'. When unspecified (empty string), core API group is inferred.
- `kind` (String) Kind is kind of the referent. For example 'HTTPRoute' or 'Service'.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of the backend. When unspecified, the local namespace is inferred.  Note that when a namespace is specified, a ReferencePolicy object is required in the referent namespace to allow that namespace's owner to accept the reference. See the ReferencePolicy documentation for details.  Support: Core




<a id="nestedatt--spec--addresses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.addresses`

Required:

- `value` (String) Value of the address. The validity of the values will depend on the type and support by the controller.  Examples: '1.2.3.4', '128::1', 'my-ip-address'.

Optional:

- `type` (String) Type of the address.



<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_gateway_networking_k8s_io_gateway_v1alpha2/import.sh"}}
