---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_gateway_networking_k8s_io_gateway_class_v1alpha2 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "gateway.networking.k8s.io"
description: |-
  GatewayClass describes a class of Gateways available to the user for creating Gateway resources.  It is recommended that this resource be used as a template for Gateways. This means that a Gateway is based on the state of the GatewayClass at the time it was created and changes to the GatewayClass or associated parameters are not propagated down to existing Gateways. This recommendation is intended to limit the blast radius of changes to GatewayClass or associated parameters. If implementations choose to propagate GatewayClass changes to existing Gateways, that MUST be clearly documented by the implementation.  Whenever one or more Gateways are using a GatewayClass, implementations MUST add the 'gateway-exists-finalizer.gateway.networking.k8s.io' finalizer on the associated GatewayClass. This ensures that a GatewayClass associated with a Gateway is not deleted while in use.  GatewayClass is a Cluster level resource.
---

# k8s_gateway_networking_k8s_io_gateway_class_v1alpha2 (Resource)

GatewayClass describes a class of Gateways available to the user for creating Gateway resources.  It is recommended that this resource be used as a template for Gateways. This means that a Gateway is based on the state of the GatewayClass at the time it was created and changes to the GatewayClass or associated parameters are not propagated down to existing Gateways. This recommendation is intended to limit the blast radius of changes to GatewayClass or associated parameters. If implementations choose to propagate GatewayClass changes to existing Gateways, that MUST be clearly documented by the implementation.  Whenever one or more Gateways are using a GatewayClass, implementations MUST add the 'gateway-exists-finalizer.gateway.networking.k8s.io' finalizer on the associated GatewayClass. This ensures that a GatewayClass associated with a Gateway is not deleted while in use.  GatewayClass is a Cluster level resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_gateway_networking_k8s_io_gateway_class_v1alpha2" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) Spec defines the desired state of GatewayClass. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `controller_name` (String) ControllerName is the name of the controller that is managing Gateways of this class. The value of this field MUST be a domain prefixed path.  Example: 'example.net/gateway-controller'.  This field is not mutable and cannot be empty.  Support: Core

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description helps describe a GatewayClass with more details.
- `parameters_ref` (Attributes) ParametersRef is a reference to a resource that contains the configuration parameters corresponding to the GatewayClass. This is optional if the controller does not require any additional configuration.  ParametersRef can reference a standard Kubernetes resource, i.e. ConfigMap, or an implementation-specific custom resource. The resource can be cluster-scoped or namespace-scoped.  If the referent cannot be found, the GatewayClass's 'InvalidParameters' status condition will be true.  Support: Custom (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--parameters_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--parameters_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.parameters_ref`

Required:

- `group` (String) Group is the group of the referent.
- `kind` (String) Kind is kind of the referent.
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the referent.

Optional:

- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of the referent. This field is required when referring to a Namespace-scoped resource and MUST be unset when referring to a Cluster-scoped resource.



<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_gateway_networking_k8s_io_gateway_class_v1alpha2/import.sh"}}
