---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_getambassador_io_auth_service_v3alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "getambassador.io"
description: |-
  AuthService is the Schema for the authservices API
---

# k8s_getambassador_io_auth_service_v3alpha1 (Resource)

AuthService is the Schema for the authservices API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_getambassador_io_auth_service_v3alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) AuthServiceSpec defines the desired state of AuthService (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `auth_service` (String)

Optional:

- `add_auth_headers` (Map of String)
- `add_linkerd_headers` (Boolean)
- `allow_request_body` (Boolean)
- `allowed_authorization_headers` (List of String)
- `allowed_request_headers` (List of String)
- `ambassador_id` (List of String) AmbassadorID declares which Ambassador instances should pay attention to this resource. If no value is provided, the default is:  ambassador_id: - 'default'
- `circuit_breakers` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--circuit_breakers))
- `failure_mode_allow` (Boolean)
- `include_body` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--include_body))
- `path_prefix` (String)
- `proto` (String)
- `protocol_version` (String) ProtocolVersion is the envoy api transport protocol version
- `stats_name` (String)
- `status_on_error` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--status_on_error))
- `timeout_ms` (Number)
- `tls` (String)
- `v2_explicit_tls` (Attributes) V2ExplicitTLS controls some vanity/stylistic elements when converting from v3alpha1 to v2.  The values in an V2ExplicitTLS should not in any way affect the runtime operation of Emissary; except that it may affect internal names in the Envoy config, which may in turn affect stats names.  But it should not affect any end-user observable behavior. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--v2_explicit_tls))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--circuit_breakers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.circuit_breakers`

Optional:

- `max_connections` (Number)
- `max_pending_requests` (Number)
- `max_requests` (Number)
- `max_retries` (Number)
- `priority` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--include_body"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.include_body`

Required:

- `allow_partial` (Boolean)
- `max_bytes` (Number) These aren't pointer types because they are required.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--status_on_error"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.status_on_error`

Optional:

- `code` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--v2_explicit_tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.v2_explicit_tls`

Optional:

- `service_scheme` (String) ServiceScheme specifies how to spell and capitalize the scheme-part of the service URL.  Acceptable values are 'http://' (case-insensitive), 'https://' (case-insensitive), or ''.  The value is used if it agrees with whether or not this resource enables TLS origination, or if something else in the resource overrides the scheme.
- `tls` (String) TLS controls whether and how to represent the 'tls' field when its value could be implied by the 'service' field.  In v2, there were a lot of different ways to spell an 'empty' value, and this field specifies which way to spell it (and will therefore only be used if the value will indeed be empty).  | Value        | Representation                        | Meaning of representation          | |--------------+---------------------------------------+------------------------------------| | ''           | omit the field                        | defer to service (no TLSContext)   | | 'null'       | store an explicit 'null' in the field | defer to service (no TLSContext)   | | 'string'     | store an empty string in the field    | defer to service (no TLSContext)   | | 'bool:false' | store a Boolean 'false' in the field  | defer to service (no TLSContext)   | | 'bool:true'  | store a Boolean 'true' in the field   | originate TLS (no TLSContext)      |  If the meaning of the representation contradicts anything else (if a TLSContext is to be used, or in the case of 'bool:true' if TLS is not to be originated), then this field is ignored.



<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_getambassador_io_auth_service_v3alpha1/import.sh"}}
