---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_getambassador_io_auth_service_v2 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "getambassador.io"
description: |-
  AuthService is the Schema for the authservices API
---

# k8s_getambassador_io_auth_service_v2 (Resource)

AuthService is the Schema for the authservices API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_getambassador_io_auth_service_v2" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) AuthServiceSpec defines the desired state of AuthService (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `auth_service` (String)

Optional:

- `add_auth_headers` (Map of String)
- `add_linkerd_headers` (Boolean)
- `allow_request_body` (Boolean)
- `allowed_authorization_headers` (List of String)
- `allowed_request_headers` (List of String)
- `ambassador_id` (List of String) AmbassadorID declares which Ambassador instances should pay attention to this resource.  May either be a string or a list of strings.  If no value is provided, the default is:  ambassador_id: - 'default'
- `failure_mode_allow` (Boolean)
- `include_body` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--include_body))
- `path_prefix` (String)
- `proto` (String)
- `protocol_version` (String)
- `status_on_error` (Attributes) Why isn't this just an int?? (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--status_on_error))
- `timeout_ms` (Number)
- `tls` (Boolean)
- `v3_circuit_breakers` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--v3_circuit_breakers))
- `v3_stats_name` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--include_body"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.include_body`

Required:

- `allow_partial` (Boolean)
- `max_bytes` (Number) These aren't pointer types because they are required.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--status_on_error"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.status_on_error`

Optional:

- `code` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--v3_circuit_breakers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.v3_circuit_breakers`

Optional:

- `max_connections` (Number)
- `max_pending_requests` (Number)
- `max_requests` (Number)
- `max_retries` (Number)
- `priority` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_getambassador_io_auth_service_v2/import.sh"}}
