---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_getambassador_io_rate_limit_service_v3alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "getambassador.io/v3alpha1"
description: |-
  RateLimitService is the Schema for the ratelimitservices API
---

# k8s_getambassador_io_rate_limit_service_v3alpha1 (Resource)

RateLimitService is the Schema for the ratelimitservices API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_getambassador_io_rate_limit_service_v3alpha1" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) RateLimitServiceSpec defines the desired state of RateLimitService (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `service` (String)

Optional:

- `ambassador_id` (List of String) Common to all Ambassador objects.
- `domain` (String)
- `failure_mode_deny` (Boolean) FailureModeDeny when set to true, envoy will deny traffic if it is unable to communicate with the rate limit service.
- `protocol_version` (String) ProtocolVersion is the envoy api transport protocol version
- `stats_name` (String)
- `timeout_ms` (Number) TODO(lukeshu): In v3alpha2, change all of the '{foo}_ms'/'MillisecondDuration' fields to '{foo}'/'metav1.Duration'.
- `tls` (String)
- `v2_explicit_tls` (Attributes) V2ExplicitTLS controls some vanity/stylistic elements when converting from v3alpha1 to v2.  The values in an V2ExplicitTLS should not in any way affect the runtime operation of Emissary; except that it may affect internal names in the Envoy config, which may in turn affect stats names.  But it should not affect any end-user observable behavior. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--v2_explicit_tls))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--v2_explicit_tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.v2_explicit_tls`

Optional:

- `service_scheme` (String) ServiceScheme specifies how to spell and capitalize the scheme-part of the service URL.  Acceptable values are 'http://' (case-insensitive), 'https://' (case-insensitive), or ''.  The value is used if it agrees with whether or not this resource enables TLS origination, or if something else in the resource overrides the scheme.
- `tls` (String) TLS controls whether and how to represent the 'tls' field when its value could be implied by the 'service' field.  In v2, there were a lot of different ways to spell an 'empty' value, and this field specifies which way to spell it (and will therefore only be used if the value will indeed be empty).   | Value        | Representation                        | Meaning of representation          |  |--------------+---------------------------------------+------------------------------------|  | ''           | omit the field                        | defer to service (no TLSContext)   |  | 'null'       | store an explicit 'null' in the field | defer to service (no TLSContext)   |  | 'string'     | store an empty string in the field    | defer to service (no TLSContext)   |  | 'bool:false' | store a Boolean 'false' in the field  | defer to service (no TLSContext)   |  | 'bool:true'  | store a Boolean 'true' in the field   | originate TLS (no TLSContext)      |  If the meaning of the representation contradicts anything else (if a TLSContext is to be used, or in the case of 'bool:true' if TLS is not to be originated), then this field is ignored.


