---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_getambassador_io_listener_v3alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "getambassador.io"
description: |-
  Listener is the Schema for the hosts API
---

# k8s_getambassador_io_listener_v3alpha1 (Resource)

Listener is the Schema for the hosts API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_getambassador_io_listener_v3alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) ListenerSpec defines the desired state of this Port (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `host_binding` (Attributes) HostBinding allows restricting which Hosts will be used for this Listener. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--host_binding))
- `port` (Number) Port is the network port. Only one Listener can use a given port.
- `security_model` (String) SecurityModel specifies how to determine whether connections to this port are secure or insecure.

Optional:

- `ambassador_id` (List of String) AmbassadorID declares which Ambassador instances should pay attention to this resource. If no value is provided, the default is:  ambassador_id: - 'default'
- `l7_depth` (Number) L7Depth specifies how many layer 7 load balancers are between us and the edge of the network.
- `protocol` (String) Protocol is a shorthand for certain predefined stacks. Exactly one of Protocol or ProtocolStack must be supplied.
- `protocol_stack` (List of String) ProtocolStack explicitly specifies the protocol stack to set up. Exactly one of Protocol or ProtocolStack must be supplied.
- `stats_prefix` (String) StatsPrefix specifies the prefix for statistics sent by Envoy about this Listener. The default depends on the protocol: 'ingress-http', 'ingress-https', 'ingress-tls-$port', or 'ingress-$port'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--host_binding"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.host_binding`

Optional:

- `namespace` (Attributes) NamespaceBindingType defines we we specify which namespaces to look for Hosts in. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--host_binding--namespace))
- `selector` (Attributes) A label selector is a label query over a set of resources. The result of matchLabels and matchExpressions are ANDed. An empty label selector matches all objects. A null label selector matches no objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--host_binding--selector))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--host_binding--namespace"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.host_binding.namespace`

Optional:

- `from` (String) NamespaceFromType defines how we evaluate a NamespaceBindingType.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--host_binding--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.host_binding.selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--host_binding--selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--host_binding--selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.host_binding.selector.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_getambassador_io_listener_v3alpha1/import.sh"}}
