---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_getambassador_io_tracing_service_v3alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "getambassador.io"
description: |-
  TracingService is the Schema for the tracingservices API
---

# k8s_getambassador_io_tracing_service_v3alpha1 (Resource)

TracingService is the Schema for the tracingservices API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_getambassador_io_tracing_service_v3alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) TracingServiceSpec defines the desired state of TracingService (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `driver` (String)
- `service` (String)

Optional:

- `ambassador_id` (List of String) AmbassadorID declares which Ambassador instances should pay attention to this resource. If no value is provided, the default is:  ambassador_id: - 'default'
- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--config))
- `custom_tags` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--custom_tags))
- `sampling` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--sampling))
- `stats_name` (String)
- `tag_headers` (List of String) Deprecated: tag_headers is deprecated. Use custom_tags instead. 'tag_headers: ['header']' can be defined as 'custom_tags: [{'request_header': {'name': 'header'}}]'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config`

Optional:

- `access_token_file` (String)
- `collector_cluster` (String)
- `collector_endpoint` (String)
- `collector_endpoint_version` (String)
- `collector_hostname` (String)
- `propagation_modes` (List of String)
- `service_name` (String)
- `shared_span_context` (Boolean)
- `trace_id_128bit` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--custom_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.custom_tags`

Required:

- `tag` (String)

Optional:

- `environment` (Attributes) Environment explicitly specifies the protocol stack to set up. Exactly one of Literal, Environment or Header must be supplied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--custom_tags--environment))
- `literal` (Attributes) Literal explicitly specifies the protocol stack to set up. Exactly one of Literal, Environment or Header must be supplied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--custom_tags--literal))
- `request_header` (Attributes) Header explicitly specifies the protocol stack to set up. Exactly one of Literal, Environment or Header must be supplied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--custom_tags--request_header))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--custom_tags--environment"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.custom_tags.environment`

Required:

- `name` (String)

Optional:

- `default_value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--custom_tags--literal"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.custom_tags.literal`

Required:

- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--custom_tags--request_header"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.custom_tags.request_header`

Required:

- `name` (String)

Optional:

- `default_value` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--sampling"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.sampling`

Optional:

- `client` (Number)
- `overall` (Number)
- `random` (Number)



<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_getambassador_io_tracing_service_v3alpha1/import.sh"}}
