---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_hazelcast_com_wan_replication_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "hazelcast.com"
description: |-
  WanReplication is the Schema for the wanreplications API
---

# k8s_hazelcast_com_wan_replication_v1alpha1 (Resource)

WanReplication is the Schema for the wanreplications API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_hazelcast_com_wan_replication_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) WanReplicationSpec defines the desired state of WanReplication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `endpoints` (String) Endpoints is the target cluster comma separated endpoint list .
- `resources` (Attributes List) Resources is the list of custom resources to which WAN replication applies. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources))
- `target_cluster_name` (String) ClusterName is the clusterName field of the target Hazelcast resource.

Optional:

- `acknowledgement` (Attributes) Acknowledgement is the configuration for the condition when the next batch of WAN events are sent. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--acknowledgement))
- `batch` (Attributes) Batch is the configuration for WAN events batch. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--batch))
- `queue` (Attributes) Queue is the configuration for WAN events queue. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--queue))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of custom resource to which WAN replication applies.

Optional:

- `kind` (String) Kind is the kind of custom resource to which WAN replication applies.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--acknowledgement"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.acknowledgement`

Optional:

- `timeout` (Number) Timeout represents the time in milliseconds the source cluster waits for the acknowledgement. After timeout, the events will be resent.
- `type` (String) Type represents how a batch of replication events is considered successfully replicated.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--batch"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.batch`

Optional:

- `maximum_delay` (Number) MaximumDelay represents the maximum delay in milliseconds. If the batch size is not reached, the events will be sent after the maximum delay.
- `size` (Number) Size represents the maximum batch size.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--queue"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.queue`

Optional:

- `capacity` (Number) Capacity is the total capacity of WAN queue.
- `full_behavior` (String) FullBehavior represents the behavior of the new arrival when the queue is full.



<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_hazelcast_com_wan_replication_v1alpha1/import.sh"}}
