---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_hazelcast_com_hazelcast_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "hazelcast.com/v1alpha1"
description: |-
  Hazelcast is the Schema for the hazelcasts API
---

# k8s_hazelcast_com_hazelcast_v1alpha1 (Resource)

Hazelcast is the Schema for the hazelcasts API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_hazelcast_com_hazelcast_v1alpha1" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) HazelcastSpec defines the desired state of Hazelcast (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `agent` (Attributes) B&R Agent configurations (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--agent))
- `cluster_name` (String) Name of the Hazelcast cluster.
- `cluster_size` (Number) Number of Hazelcast members in the cluster.
- `durable_executor_services` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--durable_executor_services))
- `executor_services` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--executor_services))
- `expose_externally` (Attributes) Configuration to expose Hazelcast cluster to external clients. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--expose_externally))
- `image_pull_policy` (String) Pull policy for the Hazelcast Platform image
- `image_pull_secrets` (Attributes List) Image pull secrets for the Hazelcast Platform image (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--image_pull_secrets))
- `license_key_secret` (String) Name of the secret with Hazelcast Enterprise License Key.
- `logging_level` (String) LoggingLevel controlls log verbosity for Hazelcast.
- `persistence` (Attributes) Persistence configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence))
- `properties` (Map of String)
- `repository` (String) Repository to pull the Hazelcast Platform image from.
- `resources` (Attributes) Compute Resources required by the Hazelcast container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources))
- `scheduled_executor_services` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduled_executor_services))
- `scheduling` (Attributes) Scheduling details (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling))
- `user_code_deployment` (Attributes) User Codes to Download into CLASSPATH (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--user_code_deployment))
- `version` (String) Version of Hazelcast Platform.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--agent"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.agent`

Optional:

- `repository` (String) Repository to pull Hazelcast Platform Operator Agent(https://github.com/hazelcast/platform-operator-agent)
- `version` (String) Version of Hazelcast Platform Operator Agent.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--durable_executor_services"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.durable_executor_services`

Optional:

- `capacity` (Number) Capacity of the executor task per partition.
- `durability` (Number) Durability of the executor.
- `name` (String) The name of the executor service
- `pool_size` (Number) The number of executor threads per member.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--executor_services"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.executor_services`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The name of the executor service
- `pool_size` (Number) The number of executor threads per member.
- `queue_capacity` (Number) Task queue capacity of the executor.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--expose_externally"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.expose_externally`

Optional:

- `discovery_service_type` (String) Type of the service used to discover Hazelcast cluster.
- `member_access` (String) How each member is accessed from the external client. Only available for 'Smart' client and valid values are: - 'NodePortExternalIP' (default): each member is accessed by the NodePort service and the node external IP/hostname - 'NodePortNodeName': each member is accessed by the NodePort service and the node name - 'LoadBalancer': each member is accessed by the LoadBalancer service external address
- `type` (String) Specifies how members are exposed. Valid values are: - 'Smart' (default): each member pod is exposed with a separate external address - 'Unisocket': all member pods are exposed with one external address


<a id="nestedatt--spec--image_pull_secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.image_pull_secrets`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?


<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence`

Required:

- `base_dir` (String) Persistence base directory.

Optional:

- `auto_force_start` (Boolean) AutoForceStart enables the detection of constantly failing cluster and trigger the Force Start action.
- `backup_type` (String) BackupType represents the storage options for the HotBackup
- `cluster_data_recovery_policy` (String) Configuration of the cluster recovery strategy.
- `data_recovery_timeout` (Number) DataRecoveryTimeout is timeout for each step of data recovery in seconds. Maximum timeout is equal to DataRecoveryTimeout*2 (for each step: validation and data-load).
- `host_path` (String) Host Path directory.
- `pvc` (Attributes) Configuration of PersistenceVolumeClaim. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--pvc))
- `restore` (Attributes) Restore configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--persistence--restore))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--pvc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.pvc`

Optional:

- `access_modes` (List of String) AccessModes contains the actual access modes of the volume backing the PVC has. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#access-modes-1
- `request_storage` (Dynamic) A description of the PVC request capacity.
- `storage_class_name` (String) Name of StorageClass which this persistent volume belongs to.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--persistence--restore"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.persistence.restore`

Required:

- `bucket_uri` (String) Full path to blob storage bucket.
- `secret` (String) Name of the secret with credentials for cloud providers.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources`

Optional:

- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-compute-resources-container/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-compute-resources-container/


<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduled_executor_services"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduled_executor_services`

Optional:

- `capacity` (Number) Capacity of the executor task per partition.
- `capacity_policy` (String) The active policy for the capacity setting.
- `durability` (Number) Durability of the executor.
- `name` (String) The name of the executor service
- `pool_size` (Number) The number of executor threads per member.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling`

Optional:

- `affinity` (Attributes) Affinity (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity))
- `node_selector` (Map of String) NodeSelector
- `tolerations` (Attributes List) Tolerations (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--tolerations))
- `topology_spread_constraints` (Attributes List) TopologySpreadConstraints (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--topology_spread_constraints))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity`

Optional:

- `node_affinity` (Attributes) Describes node affinity scheduling rules for the pod. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--node_affinity))
- `pod_affinity` (Attributes) Describes pod affinity scheduling rules (e.g. co-locate this pod in the same node, zone, etc. as some other pod(s)). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_affinity))
- `pod_anti_affinity` (Attributes) Describes pod anti-affinity scheduling rules (e.g. avoid putting this pod in the same node, zone, etc. as some other pod(s)). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--node_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) The scheduler will prefer to schedule pods to nodes that satisfy the affinity expressions specified by this field, but it may choose a node that violates one or more of the expressions. The node that is most preferred is the one with the greatest sum of weights, i.e. for each node that meets all of the scheduling requirements (resource request, requiredDuringScheduling affinity expressions, etc.), compute a sum by iterating through the elements of this field and adding 'weight' to the sum if the node matches the corresponding matchExpressions; the node(s) with the highest sum are the most preferred. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes) If the affinity requirements specified by this field are not met at scheduling time, the pod will not be scheduled onto the node. If the affinity requirements specified by this field cease to be met at some point during pod execution (e.g. due to an update), the system may or may not try to eventually evict the pod from its node. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `preference` (Attributes) A node selector term, associated with the corresponding weight. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference))
- `weight` (Number) Weight associated with matching the corresponding nodeSelectorTerm, in the range 1-100.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's labels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--match_expressions))
- `match_fields` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--match_fields))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `node_selector_terms` (Attributes List) Required. A list of node selector terms. The terms are ORed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's labels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_expressions))
- `match_fields` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_fields))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) The scheduler will prefer to schedule pods to nodes that satisfy the affinity expressions specified by this field, but it may choose a node that violates one or more of the expressions. The node that is most preferred is the one with the greatest sum of weights, i.e. for each node that meets all of the scheduling requirements (resource request, requiredDuringScheduling affinity expressions, etc.), compute a sum by iterating through the elements of this field and adding 'weight' to the sum if the node has pods which matches the corresponding podAffinityTerm; the node(s) with the highest sum are the most preferred. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) If the affinity requirements specified by this field are not met at scheduling time, the pod will not be scheduled onto the node. If the affinity requirements specified by this field cease to be met at some point during pod execution (e.g. due to a pod label update), the system may or may not try to eventually evict the pod from its node. When there are multiple elements, the lists of nodes corresponding to each podAffinityTerm are intersected, i.e. all terms must be satisfied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `pod_affinity_term` (Attributes) Required. A pod affinity term, associated with the corresponding weight. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term))
- `weight` (Number) weight associated with matching the corresponding podAffinityTerm, in the range 1-100.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matching the labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a node whose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of the selected pods is running. Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--label_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies which namespaces the labelSelector applies to (matches against); null or empty list means 'this pod's namespace'

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.namespaces`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespaces--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespaces--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.namespaces.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matching the labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a node whose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of the selected pods is running. Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies which namespaces the labelSelector applies to (matches against); null or empty list means 'this pod's namespace'

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespaces`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespaces--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespaces--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespaces.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) The scheduler will prefer to schedule pods to nodes that satisfy the anti-affinity expressions specified by this field, but it may choose a node that violates one or more of the expressions. The node that is most preferred is the one with the greatest sum of weights, i.e. for each node that meets all of the scheduling requirements (resource request, requiredDuringScheduling anti-affinity expressions, etc.), compute a sum by iterating through the elements of this field and adding 'weight' to the sum if the node has pods which matches the corresponding podAffinityTerm; the node(s) with the highest sum are the most preferred. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) If the anti-affinity requirements specified by this field are not met at scheduling time, the pod will not be scheduled onto the node. If the anti-affinity requirements specified by this field cease to be met at some point during pod execution (e.g. due to a pod label update), the system may or may not try to eventually evict the pod from its node. When there are multiple elements, the lists of nodes corresponding to each podAffinityTerm are intersected, i.e. all terms must be satisfied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `pod_affinity_term` (Attributes) Required. A pod affinity term, associated with the corresponding weight. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term))
- `weight` (Number) weight associated with matching the corresponding podAffinityTerm, in the range 1-100.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matching the labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a node whose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of the selected pods is running. Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--label_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies which namespaces the labelSelector applies to (matches against); null or empty list means 'this pod's namespace'

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.namespaces`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespaces--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespaces--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.namespaces.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matching the labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a node whose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of the selected pods is running. Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies which namespaces the labelSelector applies to (matches against); null or empty list means 'this pod's namespace'

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespaces`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespaces--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespaces--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespaces.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.






<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--tolerations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.tolerations`

Optional:

- `effect` (String) Effect indicates the taint effect to match. Empty means match all taint effects. When specified, allowed values are NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Key is the taint key that the toleration applies to. Empty means match all taint keys. If the key is empty, operator must be Exists; this combination means to match all values and all keys.
- `operator` (String) Operator represents a key's relationship to the value. Valid operators are Exists and Equal. Defaults to Equal. Exists is equivalent to wildcard for value, so that a pod can tolerate all taints of a particular category.
- `toleration_seconds` (Number) TolerationSeconds represents the period of time the toleration (which must be of effect NoExecute, otherwise this field is ignored) tolerates the taint. By default, it is not set, which means tolerate the taint forever (do not evict). Zero and negative values will be treated as 0 (evict immediately) by the system.
- `value` (String) Value is the taint value the toleration matches to. If the operator is Exists, the value should be empty, otherwise just a regular string.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--topology_spread_constraints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.topology_spread_constraints`

Required:

- `max_skew` (Number) MaxSkew describes the degree to which pods may be unevenly distributed. When 'whenUnsatisfiable=DoNotSchedule', it is the maximum permitted difference between the number of matching pods in the target topology and the global minimum. For example, in a 3-zone cluster, MaxSkew is set to 1, and pods with the same labelSelector spread as 1/1/0: | zone1 | zone2 | zone3 | |   P   |   P   |       | - if MaxSkew is 1, incoming pod can only be scheduled to zone3 to become 1/1/1; scheduling it onto zone1(zone2) would make the ActualSkew(2-0) on zone1(zone2) violate MaxSkew(1). - if MaxSkew is 2, incoming pod can be scheduled onto any zone. When 'whenUnsatisfiable=ScheduleAnyway', it is used to give higher precedence to topologies that satisfy it. It's a required field. Default value is 1 and 0 is not allowed.
- `topology_key` (String) TopologyKey is the key of node labels. Nodes that have a label with this key and identical values are considered to be in the same topology. We consider each <key, value> as a 'bucket', and try to put balanced number of pods into each bucket. It's a required field.
- `when_unsatisfiable` (String) WhenUnsatisfiable indicates how to deal with a pod if it doesn't satisfy the spread constraint. - DoNotSchedule (default) tells the scheduler not to schedule it. - ScheduleAnyway tells the scheduler to schedule the pod in any location,   but giving higher precedence to topologies that would help reduce the   skew. A constraint is considered 'Unsatisfiable' for an incoming pod if and only if every possible node assigment for that pod would violate 'MaxSkew' on some topology. For example, in a 3-zone cluster, MaxSkew is set to 1, and pods with the same labelSelector spread as 3/1/1: | zone1 | zone2 | zone3 | | P P P |   P   |   P   | If WhenUnsatisfiable is set to DoNotSchedule, incoming pod can only be scheduled to zone2(zone3) to become 3/2/1(3/1/2) as ActualSkew(2-1) on zone2(zone3) satisfies MaxSkew(1). In other words, the cluster can still be imbalanced, but scheduler won't make it *more* imbalanced. It's a required field.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) LabelSelector is used to find matching pods. Pods that match this label selector are counted to determine the number of pods in their corresponding topology domain. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--topology_spread_constraints--label_selector))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--topology_spread_constraints--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.topology_spread_constraints.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scheduling--topology_spread_constraints--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--scheduling--topology_spread_constraints--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scheduling.topology_spread_constraints.label_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--user_code_deployment"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.user_code_deployment`

Optional:

- `bucket_config` (Attributes) Jar files in the bucket will be put under CLASSPATH. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--user_code_deployment--bucket_config))
- `client_enabled` (Boolean) When true, allows user code deployment from clients.
- `config_maps` (List of String) Files in the ConfigMaps will be put under CLASSPATH.
- `trigger_sequence` (String) A string for triggering a rolling restart for re-downloading the user code.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--user_code_deployment--bucket_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.user_code_deployment.bucket_config`

Required:

- `bucket_uri` (String) Full path to blob storage bucket.
- `secret` (String) Name of the secret with credentials for cloud providers.


