---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_hazelcast_com_cron_hot_backup_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "hazelcast.com"
description: |-
  CronHotBackup is the Schema for the cronhotbackups API
---

# k8s_hazelcast_com_cron_hot_backup_v1alpha1 (Resource)

CronHotBackup is the Schema for the cronhotbackups API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_hazelcast_com_cron_hot_backup_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) CronHotBackupSpec defines the desired state of CronHotBackup (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `hot_backup_template` (Attributes) Specifies the hot backup that will be created when executing a CronHotBackup. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--hot_backup_template))
- `schedule` (String) Schedule contains a crontab-like expression that defines the schedule in which HotBackup will be started. If the Schedule is empty the HotBackup will start only once when applied. --- Several pre-defined schedules in place of a cron expression can be used. Entry                  | Description                                | Equivalent To -----                  | -----------                                | ------------- @yearly (or @annually) | Run once a year, midnight, Jan. 1st        | 0 0 1 1 * @monthly               | Run once a month, midnight, first of month | 0 0 1 * * @weekly                | Run once a week, midnight between Sat/Sun  | 0 0 * * 0 @daily (or @midnight)  | Run once a day, midnight                   | 0 0 * * * @hourly                | Run once an hour, beginning of hour        | 0 * * * *

Optional:

- `failed_hot_backups_history_limit` (Number) The number of failed finished hot backups to retain.
- `successful_hot_backups_history_limit` (Number) The number of successful finished hot backups to retain.
- `suspend` (Boolean) When true, CronHotBackup will stop creating HotBackup CRs until it is disabled

<a id="nestedatt--spec--hot_backup_template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.hot_backup_template`

Required:

- `spec` (Attributes) Specification of the desired behavior of the hot backup. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--hot_backup_template--spec))

Optional:

- `metadata` (Map of String) Standard object's metadata of the hot backups created from this template.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--hot_backup_template--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.hot_backup_template.spec`

Required:

- `hazelcast_resource_name` (String) HazelcastResourceName defines the name of the Hazelcast resource

Optional:

- `bucket_uri` (String) URL of the bucket to download HotBackup folders. AWS S3, GCP Bucket and Azure Blob storage buckets are supported. Example bucket URIs: - AWS S3     -> s3://bucket-name/path/to/folder - GCP Bucket -> gs://bucket-name/path/to/folder - Azure Blob -> azblob://bucket-name/path/to/folder
- `secret` (String) secret is a deprecated alias for secretName.
- `secret_name` (String) Name of the secret with credentials for cloud providers.




<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_hazelcast_com_cron_hot_backup_v1alpha1/import.sh"}}
