---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_hive_openshift_io_sync_set_v1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "hive.openshift.io"
description: |-
  SyncSet is the Schema for the SyncSet API
---

# k8s_hive_openshift_io_sync_set_v1 (Resource)

SyncSet is the Schema for the SyncSet API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_hive_openshift_io_sync_set_v1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) SyncSetSpec defines the SyncSetCommonSpec resources and patches to sync along with ClusterDeploymentRefs indicating which clusters the SyncSet applies to in the SyncSet's namespace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `cluster_deployment_refs` (Attributes List) ClusterDeploymentRefs is the list of LocalObjectReference indicating which clusters the SyncSet applies to in the SyncSet's namespace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_deployment_refs))

Optional:

- `apply_behavior` (String) ApplyBehavior indicates how resources in this syncset will be applied to the target cluster. The default value of 'Apply' indicates that resources should be applied using the 'oc apply' command. If no value is set, 'Apply' is assumed. A value of 'CreateOnly' indicates that the resource will only be created if it does not already exist in the target cluster. Otherwise, it will be left alone. A value of 'CreateOrUpdate' indicates that the resource will be created/updated without the use of the 'oc apply' command, allowing larger resources to be synced, but losing some functionality of the 'oc apply' command such as the ability to remove annotations, labels, and other map entries in general.
- `patches` (Attributes List) Patches is the list of patches to apply. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--patches))
- `resource_apply_mode` (String) ResourceApplyMode indicates if the Resource apply mode is 'Upsert' (default) or 'Sync'. ApplyMode 'Upsert' indicates create and update. ApplyMode 'Sync' indicates create, update and delete.
- `resources` (List of Map of String) Resources is the list of objects to sync from RawExtension definitions.
- `secret_mappings` (Attributes List) Secrets is the list of secrets to sync along with their respective destinations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--secret_mappings))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_deployment_refs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_deployment_refs`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?


<a id="nestedatt--spec--patches"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.patches`

Required:

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion is the Group and Version of the object to be patched.
- `kind` (String) Kind is the Kind of the object to be patched.
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the object to be patched.
- `patch` (String) Patch is the patch to apply.

Optional:

- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the Namespace in which the object to patch exists. Defaults to the SyncSet's Namespace.
- `patch_type` (String) PatchType indicates the PatchType as 'strategic' (default), 'json', or 'merge'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--secret_mappings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.secret_mappings`

Required:

- `source_ref` (Attributes) SourceRef specifies the name and namespace of a secret on the management cluster (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--secret_mappings--source_ref))
- `target_ref` (Attributes) TargetRef specifies the target name and namespace of the secret on the target cluster (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--secret_mappings--target_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--secret_mappings--source_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.secret_mappings.source_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the secret

Optional:

- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace where the secret lives. If not present for the source secret reference, it is assumed to be the same namespace as the syncset with the reference.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--secret_mappings--target_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.secret_mappings.target_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the secret

Optional:

- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace where the secret lives. If not present for the source secret reference, it is assumed to be the same namespace as the syncset with the reference.




<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_hive_openshift_io_sync_set_v1/import.sh"}}
