---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_hiveinternal_openshift_io_fake_cluster_install_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "hiveinternal.openshift.io"
description: |-
  FakeClusterInstall represents a fake request to provision an agent based cluster.
---

# k8s_hiveinternal_openshift_io_fake_cluster_install_v1alpha1 (Resource)

FakeClusterInstall represents a fake request to provision an agent based cluster.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_hiveinternal_openshift_io_fake_cluster_install_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) FakeClusterInstallSpec defines the desired state of the FakeClusterInstall. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `cluster_deployment_ref` (Attributes) ClusterDeploymentRef is a reference to the ClusterDeployment associated with this AgentClusterInstall. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_deployment_ref))
- `image_set_ref` (Attributes) ImageSetRef is a reference to a ClusterImageSet. The release image specified in the ClusterImageSet will be used to install the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--image_set_ref))

Optional:

- `cluster_metadata` (Attributes) ClusterMetadata contains metadata information about the installed cluster. It should be populated once the cluster install is completed. (it can be populated sooner if desired, but Hive will not copy back to ClusterDeployment until the Installed condition goes True. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_metadata))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_deployment_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_deployment_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?


<a id="nestedatt--spec--image_set_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.image_set_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the ClusterImageSet that this refers to


<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_metadata`

Required:

- `admin_kubeconfig_secret_ref` (Attributes) AdminKubeconfigSecretRef references the secret containing the admin kubeconfig for this cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_metadata--admin_kubeconfig_secret_ref))
- `cluster_id` (String) ClusterID is a globally unique identifier for this cluster generated during installation. Used for reporting metrics among other places.
- `infra_id` (String) InfraID is an identifier for this cluster generated during installation and used for tagging/naming resources in cloud providers.

Optional:

- `admin_password_secret_ref` (Attributes) AdminPasswordSecretRef references the secret containing the admin username/password which can be used to login to this cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_metadata--admin_password_secret_ref))
- `platform` (Attributes) Platform holds platform-specific cluster metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_metadata--platform))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_metadata--admin_kubeconfig_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_metadata.admin_kubeconfig_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?


<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_metadata--admin_password_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_metadata.admin_password_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?


<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_metadata--platform"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_metadata.platform`

Optional:

- `aws` (Attributes) AWS holds AWS-specific cluster metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_metadata--platform--aws))
- `azure` (Attributes) Azure holds azure-specific cluster metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_metadata--platform--azure))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_metadata--platform--aws"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_metadata.platform.azure`

Optional:

- `hosted_zone_role` (String) HostedZoneRole is the role to assume when performing operations on a hosted zone owned by another account.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_metadata--platform--azure"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_metadata.platform.azure`

Required:

- `resource_group_name` (String) ResourceGroupName is the name of the resource group in which the cluster resources were created.





<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_hiveinternal_openshift_io_fake_cluster_install_v1alpha1/import.sh"}}
