---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_hive_openshift_io_cluster_relocate_v1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "hive.openshift.io"
description: |-
  ClusterRelocate is the Schema for the ClusterRelocates API
---

# k8s_hive_openshift_io_cluster_relocate_v1 (Resource)

ClusterRelocate is the Schema for the ClusterRelocates API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_hive_openshift_io_cluster_relocate_v1" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) ClusterRelocateSpec defines the relocation of clusters from one Hive instance to another. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `cluster_deployment_selector` (Attributes) ClusterDeploymentSelector is a LabelSelector indicating which clusters will be relocated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_deployment_selector))
- `kubeconfig_secret_ref` (Attributes) KubeconfigSecretRef is a reference to the secret containing the kubeconfig for the destination Hive instance. The kubeconfig must be in a data field where the key is 'kubeconfig'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--kubeconfig_secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_deployment_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_deployment_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_deployment_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_deployment_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_deployment_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--kubeconfig_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.kubeconfig_secret_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the secret.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace where the secret lives.


