---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_hive_openshift_io_cluster_provision_v1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "hive.openshift.io"
description: |-
  ClusterProvision is the Schema for the clusterprovisions API
---

# k8s_hive_openshift_io_cluster_provision_v1 (Resource)

ClusterProvision is the Schema for the clusterprovisions API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_hive_openshift_io_cluster_provision_v1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) ClusterProvisionSpec defines the results of provisioning a cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `attempt` (Number) Attempt is which attempt number of the cluster deployment that this ClusterProvision is
- `cluster_deployment_ref` (Attributes) ClusterDeploymentRef references the cluster deployment provisioned. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cluster_deployment_ref))
- `stage` (String) Stage is the stage of provisioning that the cluster deployment has reached.

Optional:

- `admin_kubeconfig_secret_ref` (Attributes) AdminKubeconfigSecretRef references the secret containing the admin kubeconfig for this cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--admin_kubeconfig_secret_ref))
- `admin_password_secret_ref` (Attributes) AdminPasswordSecretRef references the secret containing the admin username/password which can be used to login to this cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--admin_password_secret_ref))
- `cluster_id` (String) ClusterID is a globally unique identifier for this cluster generated during installation. Used for reporting metrics among other places.
- `infra_id` (String) InfraID is an identifier for this cluster generated during installation and used for tagging/naming resources in cloud providers.
- `install_log` (String) InstallLog is the log from the installer.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Metadata is the metadata.json generated by the installer, providing metadata information about the cluster created. NOTE: This is not used because it didn't work (it was always empty). We think because the thing it's storing (ClusterMetadata from installer) is not a runtime.Object, so can't be put in a RawExtension.
- `metadata_json` (String) MetadataJSON is a JSON representation of the ClusterMetadata produced by the installer. We don't use a runtime.RawExtension because ClusterMetadata isn't a runtime.Object. We don't use ClusterMetadata itself because we don't want our API consumers to need to pull in the installer code and its dependencies.
- `prev_cluster_id` (String) PrevClusterID is the cluster ID of the previous failed provision attempt.
- `prev_infra_id` (String) PrevInfraID is the infra ID of the previous failed provision attempt.
- `prev_provision_name` (String) PrevProvisionName is the name of the previous failed provision attempt.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cluster_deployment_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_deployment_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?


<a id="nestedatt--spec--admin_kubeconfig_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.admin_kubeconfig_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?


<a id="nestedatt--spec--admin_password_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.admin_password_secret_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?



<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_hive_openshift_io_cluster_provision_v1/import.sh"}}
