---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_hyperfoil_io_hyperfoil_v1alpha2 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "hyperfoil.io"
description: |-
  Hyperfoil is the Schema for the hyperfoils API
---

# k8s_hyperfoil_io_hyperfoil_v1alpha2 (Resource)

Hyperfoil is the Schema for the hyperfoils API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_hyperfoil_io_hyperfoil_v1alpha2" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
}

resource "k8s_hyperfoil_io_hyperfoil_v1alpha2" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "hyperfoil"
  }
  spec = {
    version = "latest"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) HyperfoilSpec Configures Hyperfoil Controller and related resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `additional_args` (List of String) AdditionalArgs specifies additional arguments to pass to the Hyperfoil controller.
- `agent_deploy_timeout` (Number) Deploy timeout for agents, in milliseconds.
- `auth` (Attributes) Authentication/authorization settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--auth))
- `image` (String) Controller image. If 'version' is defined, too, the tag is replaced (or appended). Defaults to 'quay.io/hyperfoil/hyperfoil'
- `log` (String) Name of the config map and optionally its entry (separated by '/': e.g myconfigmap/log4j2-superverbose.xml) storing Log4j2 configuration file. By default the Controller uses its embedded configuration.
- `persistent_volume_claim` (String) Name of the PVC hyperfoil should mount for its workdir.
- `post_hooks` (List of String) Names of config maps and optionally keys (separated by '/') holding hooks that run after the run finishes.
- `pre_hooks` (List of String) Names of config maps and optionally keys (separated by '/') holding hooks that run before the run starts.
- `route` (Attributes) Specification of the exposed route. This setting is ignored when Openshift Routes are not available (on vanilla Kubernetes). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--route))
- `secret_env_vars` (List of String) List of secrets in this namespace; each entry from those secrets will be mapped as environment variable, using the key as variable name.
- `service_type` (String) Type of the service being exposed. By default this is ClusterIP if Openshift Route resource is available (the route will target this service). If Openshift Routes are not available (on vanilla Kubernetes) the default is NodePort.
- `trigger_url` (String) If this is set the controller does not start benchmark run right away after hitting /benchmark/my-benchmark/start ; instead it responds with status 301 and header Location set to concatenation of this string and 'BENCHMARK=my-benchmark&RUN_ID=xxxx'. CLI interprets that response as a request to hit CI instance on this URL, assuming that CI will trigger a new job that will eventually call /benchmark/my-benchmark/start?runId=xxxx with header 'x-trigger-job'. This is useful if the the CI has to synchronize Hyperfoil to other benchmarks that don't use this controller instance.
- `version` (String) Tag for controller image. Defaults to version matching the operator version.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.auth`

Optional:

- `secret` (String) Optional; Name of secret used for basic authentication. Must contain key 'password'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.route`

Optional:

- `host` (String) Host for the route leading to Controller REST endpoint. Example: hyperfoil.apps.cloud.example.com
- `tls` (String) Optional for edge and reencrypt routes, required for passthrough; Name of the secret hosting 'tls.crt', 'tls.key' and optionally 'ca.crt'
- `type` (String) Either 'http' (for plain-text routes - not recommended), 'edge', 'reencrypt' or 'passthrough'


