---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_imaging_ingestion_alvearie_org_dicom_event_bridge_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "imaging-ingestion.alvearie.org"
description: |-
  DicomEventBridge is the Schema for the dicomeventbridges API
---

# k8s_imaging_ingestion_alvearie_org_dicom_event_bridge_v1alpha1 (Resource)

DicomEventBridge is the Schema for the dicomeventbridges API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_imaging_ingestion_alvearie_org_dicom_event_bridge_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) DicomEventBridgeSpec defines the desired state of DicomEventBridge (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `dicom_event_driven_ingestion_name` (String) DICOM Event Driven Ingestion Name
- `role` (String) Event Bridge Role

Optional:

- `edge_mailbox` (String) Event Bridge Edge Mailbox. Required when Role is edge.
- `event_bridge` (Attributes) Event Bridge Deployment Spec (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--event_bridge))
- `image_pull_policy` (String) Image pull policy. One of Always, Never, IfNotPresent. Defaults to Always if :latest tag is specified, or IfNotPresent otherwise. Cannot be updated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images#updating-images
- `image_pull_secrets` (Attributes List) Image Pull Secrets (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--image_pull_secrets))
- `nats_secure` (Boolean) Make NATS Connection Secure
- `nats_subject_root` (String) NATS Subject Root
- `nats_token_secret` (String) NATS Token Secret Name
- `nats_url` (String) NATS URL

<a id="nestedatt--spec--event_bridge"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.event_bridge`

Optional:

- `image` (String) Image


<a id="nestedatt--spec--image_pull_secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.image_pull_secrets`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?



<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_imaging_ingestion_alvearie_org_dicom_event_bridge_v1alpha1/import.sh"}}
