---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_image_toolkit_fluxcd_io_image_update_automation_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "image.toolkit.fluxcd.io/v1alpha1"
description: |-
  ImageUpdateAutomation is the Schema for the imageupdateautomations API
---

# k8s_image_toolkit_fluxcd_io_image_update_automation_v1alpha1 (Resource)

ImageUpdateAutomation is the Schema for the imageupdateautomations API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_image_toolkit_fluxcd_io_image_update_automation_v1alpha1" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) ImageUpdateAutomationSpec defines the desired state of ImageUpdateAutomation (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `checkout` (Attributes) Checkout gives the parameters for cloning the git repository, ready to make changes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--checkout))
- `commit` (Attributes) Commit specifies how to commit to the git repository. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--commit))
- `interval` (String) Interval gives an lower bound for how often the automation run should be attempted.

Optional:

- `push` (Attributes) Push specifies how and where to push commits made by the automation. If missing, commits are pushed (back) to '.spec.checkout.branch'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--push))
- `suspend` (Boolean) Suspend tells the controller to not run this automation, until it is unset (or set to false). Defaults to false.
- `update` (Attributes) Update gives the specification for how to update the files in the repository. This can be left empty, to use the default value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--update))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--checkout"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.checkout`

Required:

- `branch` (String) Branch gives the branch to clone from the git repository. If '.spec.push' is not supplied, commits will also be pushed to this branch.
- `git_repository_ref` (Attributes) GitRepositoryRef refers to the resource giving access details to a git repository to update files in. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--checkout--git_repository_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--checkout--git_repository_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.checkout.git_repository_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--commit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.commit`

Required:

- `author_email` (String) AuthorEmail gives the email to provide when making a commit
- `author_name` (String) AuthorName gives the name to provide when making a commit

Optional:

- `message_template` (String) MessageTemplate provides a template for the commit message, into which will be interpolated the details of the change made.
- `signing_key` (Attributes) SigningKey provides the option to sign commits with a GPG key (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--commit--signing_key))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--commit--signing_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.commit.signing_key`

Optional:

- `secret_ref` (Attributes) SecretRef holds the name to a secret that contains a 'git.asc' key corresponding to the ASCII Armored file containing the GPG signing keypair as the value. It must be in the same namespace as the ImageUpdateAutomation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--commit--signing_key--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--commit--signing_key--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.commit.signing_key.secret_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--push"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.push`

Required:

- `branch` (String) Branch specifies that commits should be pushed to the branch named. The branch is created using '.spec.checkout.branch' as the starting point, if it doesn't already exist.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--update"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.update`

Required:

- `strategy` (String) Strategy names the strategy to be used.

Optional:

- `path` (String) Path to the directory containing the manifests to be updated. Defaults to 'None', which translates to the root path of the GitRepositoryRef.


