---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_image_toolkit_fluxcd_io_image_repository_v1alpha2 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "image.toolkit.fluxcd.io/v1alpha2"
description: |-
  ImageRepository is the Schema for the imagerepositories API
---

# k8s_image_toolkit_fluxcd_io_image_repository_v1alpha2 (Resource)

ImageRepository is the Schema for the imagerepositories API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_image_toolkit_fluxcd_io_image_repository_v1alpha2" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) ImageRepositorySpec defines the parameters for scanning an image repository, e.g., 'fluxcd/flux'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `cert_secret_ref` (Attributes) CertSecretRef can be given the name of a secret containing either or both of  - a PEM-encoded client certificate ('certFile') and private key ('keyFile'); - a PEM-encoded CA certificate ('caFile')  and whichever are supplied, will be used for connecting to the registry. The client cert and key are useful if you are authenticating with a certificate; the CA cert is useful if you are using a self-signed server certificate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cert_secret_ref))
- `image` (String) Image is the name of the image repository
- `interval` (String) Interval is the length of time to wait between scans of the image repository.
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) SecretRef can be given the name of a secret containing credentials to use for the image registry. The secret should be created with 'kubectl create secret docker-registry', or the equivalent. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--secret_ref))
- `suspend` (Boolean) This flag tells the controller to suspend subsequent image scans. It does not apply to already started scans. Defaults to false.
- `timeout` (String) Timeout for image scanning. Defaults to 'Interval' duration.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cert_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cert_secret_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.secret_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.


