---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_infinispan_org_cache_v2alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "infinispan.org"
description: |-
  Cache is the Schema for the caches API
---

# k8s_infinispan_org_cache_v2alpha1 (Resource)

Cache is the Schema for the caches API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_infinispan_org_cache_v2alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) CacheSpec defines the desired state of Cache (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `cluster_name` (String) Infinispan cluster name

Optional:

- `admin_auth` (Attributes) Deprecated. This no longer has any effect. The operator's admin credentials are now used to perform cache operations (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--admin_auth))
- `name` (String) Name of the cache to be created. If empty ObjectMeta.Name will be used
- `template` (String) Cache template in XML format
- `template_name` (String) Name of the template to be used to create this cache
- `updates` (Attributes) How updates to Cache CR template should be reconciled on the Infinispan server (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--updates))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--admin_auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.admin_auth`

Optional:

- `password` (Attributes) Secret and key containing the admin password for authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--admin_auth--password))
- `secret_name` (String) The secret that contains user credentials.
- `username` (Attributes) Secret and key containing the admin username for authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--admin_auth--username))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--admin_auth--password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.admin_auth.password`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--admin_auth--username"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.admin_auth.username`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined



<a id="nestedatt--spec--updates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.updates`

Optional:

- `strategy` (String) How updates to Cache CR template should be applied on the Infinispan server



<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_infinispan_org_cache_v2alpha1/import.sh"}}
