---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_integreatly_org_grafana_dashboard_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "integreatly.org/v1alpha1"
description: |-
  GrafanaDashboard is the Schema for the grafanadashboards API
---

# k8s_integreatly_org_grafana_dashboard_v1alpha1 (Resource)

GrafanaDashboard is the Schema for the grafanadashboards API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_integreatly_org_grafana_dashboard_v1alpha1" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) GrafanaDashboardSpec defines the desired state of GrafanaDashboard (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `config_map_ref` (Attributes) ConfigMapRef is a reference to a ConfigMap data field containing the dashboard's JSON (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--config_map_ref))
- `content_cache_duration` (String) ContentCacheDuration sets how often the operator should resync with the external source when using the 'grafanaCom.id' or 'url' field to specify the source of the dashboard. The default value is decided by the 'dashboardContentCacheDuration' field in the 'Grafana' resource. The default is 0 which is interpreted as never refetching.
- `custom_folder_name` (String)
- `datasources` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--datasources))
- `grafana_com` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--grafana_com))
- `gzip_config_map_ref` (Attributes) GzipConfigMapRef is a reference to a ConfigMap binaryData field containing the dashboard's JSON, compressed with Gzip. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--gzip_config_map_ref))
- `gzip_json` (String) GzipJson the dashboard's JSON compressed with Gzip. Base64-encoded when in YAML.
- `json` (String) Json is the dashboard's JSON
- `jsonnet` (String)
- `plugins` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--plugins))
- `url` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--config_map_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config_map_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key to select.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the ConfigMap or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--datasources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.datasources`

Required:

- `datasource_name` (String)
- `input_name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--grafana_com"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.grafana_com`

Required:

- `id` (Number)

Optional:

- `revision` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--gzip_config_map_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.gzip_config_map_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key to select.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the ConfigMap or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--plugins"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.plugins`

Required:

- `name` (String)
- `version` (String)


