---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_iot_eclipse_org_hawkbit_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "iot.eclipse.org"
description: |-
  
---

# k8s_iot_eclipse_org_hawkbit_v1alpha1 (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_iot_eclipse_org_hawkbit_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `database` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--database))
- `image_overrides` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--image_overrides))
- `rabbit` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rabbit))
- `sign_on` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--sign_on))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--database"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.database`

Optional:

- `embedded` (Map of String)
- `mysql` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--database--mysql))
- `postgres` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--database--postgres))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--database--mysql"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.database.mysql`

Optional:

- `database` (String)
- `host` (String)
- `password_secret` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--database--mysql--password_secret))
- `port` (Number)
- `url` (String)
- `username` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--database--mysql--password_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.database.mysql.username`

Optional:

- `field` (String)
- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--database--postgres"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.database.postgres`

Optional:

- `database` (String)
- `host` (String)
- `password_secret` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--database--postgres--password_secret))
- `port` (Number)
- `url` (String)
- `username` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--database--postgres--password_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.database.postgres.username`

Optional:

- `field` (String)
- `name` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--spec--image_overrides"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.image_overrides`

Optional:

- `image` (String)
- `pull_policy` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--rabbit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rabbit`

Optional:

- `external` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rabbit--external))
- `managed` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rabbit--managed))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--rabbit--external"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rabbit.external`

Required:

- `host` (String)

Optional:

- `password_secret` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rabbit--external--password_secret))
- `port` (Number)
- `username` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--rabbit--external--password_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rabbit.external.username`

Optional:

- `field` (String)
- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--rabbit--managed"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rabbit.managed`

Optional:

- `resources` (Map of String)
- `storage_size` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--sign_on"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.sign_on`

Optional:

- `keycloak` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--sign_on--keycloak))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--sign_on--keycloak"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.sign_on.keycloak`

Optional:

- `hawkbit_url` (String)
- `instance_selector` (Attributes) Selector for looking up Keycloak Custom Resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--sign_on--keycloak--instance_selector))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--sign_on--keycloak--instance_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.sign_on.keycloak.instance_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--sign_on--keycloak--instance_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--sign_on--keycloak--instance_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.sign_on.keycloak.instance_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.






<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_iot_eclipse_org_hawkbit_v1alpha1/import.sh"}}
