---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_kafka_strimzi_io_kafka_connect_v1beta2 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "kafka.strimzi.io/v1beta2"
description: |-
  
---

# k8s_kafka_strimzi_io_kafka_connect_v1beta2 (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_kafka_strimzi_io_kafka_connect_v1beta2" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) The specification of the Kafka Connect cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `bootstrap_servers` (String) Bootstrap servers to connect to. This should be given as a comma separated list of _<hostname>_:_<port>_ pairs.

Optional:

- `authentication` (Attributes) Authentication configuration for Kafka Connect. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--authentication))
- `build` (Attributes) Configures how the Connect container image should be built. Optional. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--build))
- `client_rack_init_image` (String) The image of the init container used for initializing the 'client.rack'.
- `config` (Dynamic) The Kafka Connect configuration. Properties with the following prefixes cannot be set: ssl., sasl., security., listeners, plugin.path, rest., bootstrap.servers, consumer.interceptor.classes, producer.interceptor.classes (with the exception of: ssl.endpoint.identification.algorithm, ssl.cipher.suites, ssl.protocol, ssl.enabled.protocols).
- `external_configuration` (Attributes) Pass data from Secrets or ConfigMaps to the Kafka Connect pods and use them to configure connectors. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--external_configuration))
- `image` (String) The docker image for the pods.
- `jmx_options` (Attributes) JMX Options. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--jmx_options))
- `jvm_options` (Attributes) JVM Options for pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--jvm_options))
- `liveness_probe` (Attributes) Pod liveness checking. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--liveness_probe))
- `logging` (Attributes) Logging configuration for Kafka Connect. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--logging))
- `metrics_config` (Attributes) Metrics configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--metrics_config))
- `rack` (Attributes) Configuration of the node label which will be used as the 'client.rack' consumer configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rack))
- `readiness_probe` (Attributes) Pod readiness checking. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--readiness_probe))
- `replicas` (Number) The number of pods in the Kafka Connect group.
- `resources` (Attributes) The maximum limits for CPU and memory resources and the requested initial resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources))
- `template` (Attributes) Template for Kafka Connect and Kafka Mirror Maker 2 resources. The template allows users to specify how the 'Deployment', 'Pods' and 'Service' are generated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template))
- `tls` (Attributes) TLS configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tls))
- `tracing` (Attributes) The configuration of tracing in Kafka Connect. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tracing))
- `version` (String) The Kafka Connect version. Defaults to {DefaultKafkaVersion}. Consult the user documentation to understand the process required to upgrade or downgrade the version.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.authentication`

Required:

- `type` (String) Authentication type. Currently the only supported types are 'tls', 'scram-sha-256', 'scram-sha-512', and 'plain'. 'scram-sha-256' and 'scram-sha-512' types use SASL SCRAM-SHA-256 and SASL SCRAM-SHA-512 Authentication, respectively. 'plain' type uses SASL PLAIN Authentication. 'oauth' type uses SASL OAUTHBEARER Authentication. The 'tls' type uses TLS Client Authentication. The 'tls' type is supported only over TLS connections.

Optional:

- `access_token` (Attributes) Link to Kubernetes Secret containing the access token which was obtained from the authorization server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--authentication--access_token))
- `access_token_is_jwt` (Boolean) Configure whether access token should be treated as JWT. This should be set to 'false' if the authorization server returns opaque tokens. Defaults to 'true'.
- `audience` (String) OAuth audience to use when authenticating against the authorization server. Some authorization servers require the audience to be explicitly set. The possible values depend on how the authorization server is configured. By default, 'audience' is not specified when performing the token endpoint request.
- `certificate_and_key` (Attributes) Reference to the 'Secret' which holds the certificate and private key pair. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--authentication--certificate_and_key))
- `client_id` (String) OAuth Client ID which the Kafka client can use to authenticate against the OAuth server and use the token endpoint URI.
- `client_secret` (Attributes) Link to Kubernetes Secret containing the OAuth client secret which the Kafka client can use to authenticate against the OAuth server and use the token endpoint URI. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--authentication--client_secret))
- `connect_timeout_seconds` (Number) The connect timeout in seconds when connecting to authorization server. If not set, the effective connect timeout is 60 seconds.
- `disable_tls_hostname_verification` (Boolean) Enable or disable TLS hostname verification. Default value is 'false'.
- `max_token_expiry_seconds` (Number) Set or limit time-to-live of the access tokens to the specified number of seconds. This should be set if the authorization server returns opaque tokens.
- `password_secret` (Attributes) Reference to the 'Secret' which holds the password. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--authentication--password_secret))
- `read_timeout_seconds` (Number) The read timeout in seconds when connecting to authorization server. If not set, the effective read timeout is 60 seconds.
- `refresh_token` (Attributes) Link to Kubernetes Secret containing the refresh token which can be used to obtain access token from the authorization server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--authentication--refresh_token))
- `scope` (String) OAuth scope to use when authenticating against the authorization server. Some authorization servers require this to be set. The possible values depend on how authorization server is configured. By default 'scope' is not specified when doing the token endpoint request.
- `tls_trusted_certificates` (Attributes List) Trusted certificates for TLS connection to the OAuth server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--authentication--tls_trusted_certificates))
- `token_endpoint_uri` (String) Authorization server token endpoint URI.
- `username` (String) Username used for the authentication.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--authentication--access_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.authentication.access_token`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key under which the secret value is stored in the Kubernetes Secret.
- `secret_name` (String) The name of the Kubernetes Secret containing the secret value.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--authentication--certificate_and_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.authentication.certificate_and_key`

Required:

- `certificate` (String) The name of the file certificate in the Secret.
- `key` (String) The name of the private key in the Secret.
- `secret_name` (String) The name of the Secret containing the certificate.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--authentication--client_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.authentication.client_secret`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key under which the secret value is stored in the Kubernetes Secret.
- `secret_name` (String) The name of the Kubernetes Secret containing the secret value.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--authentication--password_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.authentication.password_secret`

Required:

- `password` (String) The name of the key in the Secret under which the password is stored.
- `secret_name` (String) The name of the Secret containing the password.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--authentication--refresh_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.authentication.refresh_token`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key under which the secret value is stored in the Kubernetes Secret.
- `secret_name` (String) The name of the Kubernetes Secret containing the secret value.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--authentication--tls_trusted_certificates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.authentication.tls_trusted_certificates`

Required:

- `certificate` (String) The name of the file certificate in the Secret.
- `secret_name` (String) The name of the Secret containing the certificate.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--build"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.build`

Required:

- `output` (Attributes) Configures where should the newly built image be stored. Required. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--build--output))
- `plugins` (Attributes List) List of connector plugins which should be added to the Kafka Connect. Required. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--build--plugins))

Optional:

- `resources` (Attributes) CPU and memory resources to reserve for the build. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--build--resources))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--build--output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.build.output`

Required:

- `image` (String) The name of the image which will be built. Required.
- `type` (String) Output type. Must be either 'docker' for pushing the newly build image to Docker compatible registry or 'imagestream' for pushing the image to OpenShift ImageStream. Required.

Optional:

- `additional_kaniko_options` (List of String) Configures additional options which will be passed to the Kaniko executor when building the new Connect image. Allowed options are: --customPlatform, --insecure, --insecure-pull, --insecure-registry, --log-format, --log-timestamp, --registry-mirror, --reproducible, --single-snapshot, --skip-tls-verify, --skip-tls-verify-pull, --skip-tls-verify-registry, --verbosity, --snapshotMode, --use-new-run. These options will be used only on Kubernetes where the Kaniko executor is used. They will be ignored on OpenShift. The options are described in the link:https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/kaniko[Kaniko GitHub repository^]. Changing this field does not trigger new build of the Kafka Connect image.
- `push_secret` (String) Container Registry Secret with the credentials for pushing the newly built image.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--build--plugins"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.build.plugins`

Required:

- `artifacts` (Attributes List) List of artifacts which belong to this connector plugin. Required. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--build--plugins--artifacts))
- `name` (String) The unique name of the connector plugin. Will be used to generate the path where the connector artifacts will be stored. The name has to be unique within the KafkaConnect resource. The name has to follow the following pattern: '^[a-z][-_a-z0-9]*[a-z]$'. Required.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--build--plugins--artifacts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.build.plugins.name`

Required:

- `type` (String) Artifact type. Currently, the supported artifact types are 'tgz', 'jar', 'zip', 'other' and 'maven'.

Optional:

- `artifact` (String) Maven artifact id. Applicable to the 'maven' artifact type only.
- `file_name` (String) Name under which the artifact will be stored.
- `group` (String) Maven group id. Applicable to the 'maven' artifact type only.
- `insecure` (Boolean) By default, connections using TLS are verified to check they are secure. The server certificate used must be valid, trusted, and contain the server name. By setting this option to 'true', all TLS verification is disabled and the artifact will be downloaded, even when the server is considered insecure.
- `repository` (String) Maven repository to download the artifact from. Applicable to the 'maven' artifact type only.
- `sha512sum` (String) SHA512 checksum of the artifact. Optional. If specified, the checksum will be verified while building the new container. If not specified, the downloaded artifact will not be verified. Not applicable to the 'maven' artifact type.
- `url` (String) URL of the artifact which will be downloaded. Strimzi does not do any security scanning of the downloaded artifacts. For security reasons, you should first verify the artifacts manually and configure the checksum verification to make sure the same artifact is used in the automated build. Required for 'jar', 'zip', 'tgz' and 'other' artifacts. Not applicable to the 'maven' artifact type.
- `version` (String) Maven version number. Applicable to the 'maven' artifact type only.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--build--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.build.resources`

Optional:

- `limits` (Dynamic)
- `requests` (Dynamic)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--external_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_configuration`

Optional:

- `env` (Attributes List) Makes data from a Secret or ConfigMap available in the Kafka Connect pods as environment variables. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--external_configuration--env))
- `volumes` (Attributes List) Makes data from a Secret or ConfigMap available in the Kafka Connect pods as volumes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--external_configuration--volumes))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--external_configuration--env"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_configuration.env`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the environment variable which will be passed to the Kafka Connect pods. The name of the environment variable cannot start with 'KAFKA_' or 'STRIMZI_'.
- `value_from` (Attributes) Value of the environment variable which will be passed to the Kafka Connect pods. It can be passed either as a reference to Secret or ConfigMap field. The field has to specify exactly one Secret or ConfigMap. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--external_configuration--env--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--external_configuration--env--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_configuration.env.value_from`

Optional:

- `config_map_key_ref` (Attributes) Reference to a key in a ConfigMap. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--external_configuration--env--value_from--config_map_key_ref))
- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) Reference to a key in a Secret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--external_configuration--env--value_from--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--external_configuration--env--value_from--config_map_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_configuration.env.value_from.config_map_key_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `optional` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--external_configuration--env--value_from--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_configuration.env.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `optional` (Boolean)




<a id="nestedatt--spec--external_configuration--volumes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_configuration.volumes`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the volume which will be added to the Kafka Connect pods.

Optional:

- `config_map` (Attributes) Reference to a key in a ConfigMap. Exactly one Secret or ConfigMap has to be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--external_configuration--volumes--config_map))
- `secret` (Attributes) Reference to a key in a Secret. Exactly one Secret or ConfigMap has to be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--external_configuration--volumes--secret))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--external_configuration--volumes--config_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_configuration.volumes.secret`

Optional:

- `default_mode` (Number)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--external_configuration--volumes--secret--items))
- `name` (String)
- `optional` (Boolean)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--external_configuration--volumes--secret--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_configuration.volumes.secret.items`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `mode` (Number)
- `path` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--external_configuration--volumes--secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_configuration.volumes.secret`

Optional:

- `default_mode` (Number)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--external_configuration--volumes--secret--items))
- `optional` (Boolean)
- `secret_name` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--external_configuration--volumes--secret--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.external_configuration.volumes.secret.items`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `mode` (Number)
- `path` (String)





<a id="nestedatt--spec--jmx_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.jmx_options`

Optional:

- `authentication` (Attributes) Authentication configuration for connecting to the JMX port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--jmx_options--authentication))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--jmx_options--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.jmx_options.authentication`

Required:

- `type` (String) Authentication type. Currently the only supported types are 'password'.'password' type creates a username and protected port with no TLS.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--jvm_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.jvm_options`

Optional:

- `___xms` (String) -Xms option to to the JVM.
- `___xmx` (String) -Xmx option to to the JVM.
- `__xx` (Dynamic) A map of -XX options to the JVM.
- `gc_logging_enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether the Garbage Collection logging is enabled. The default is false.
- `java_system_properties` (Attributes List) A map of additional system properties which will be passed using the '-D' option to the JVM. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--jvm_options--java_system_properties))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--jvm_options--java_system_properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.jvm_options.java_system_properties`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The system property name.
- `value` (String) The system property value.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--liveness_probe"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.liveness_probe`

Optional:

- `failure_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive failures for the probe to be considered failed after having succeeded. Defaults to 3. Minimum value is 1.
- `initial_delay_seconds` (Number) The initial delay before first the health is first checked. Default to 15 seconds. Minimum value is 0.
- `period_seconds` (Number) How often (in seconds) to perform the probe. Default to 10 seconds. Minimum value is 1.
- `success_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive successes for the probe to be considered successful after having failed. Defaults to 1. Must be 1 for liveness. Minimum value is 1.
- `timeout_seconds` (Number) The timeout for each attempted health check. Default to 5 seconds. Minimum value is 1.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--logging"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.logging`

Required:

- `type` (String) Logging type, must be either 'inline' or 'external'.

Optional:

- `loggers` (Dynamic) A Map from logger name to logger level.
- `value_from` (Attributes) 'ConfigMap' entry where the logging configuration is stored. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--logging--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--logging--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.logging.value_from`

Optional:

- `config_map_key_ref` (Attributes) Reference to the key in the ConfigMap containing the configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--logging--value_from--config_map_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--logging--value_from--config_map_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.logging.value_from.config_map_key_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `optional` (Boolean)




<a id="nestedatt--spec--metrics_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metrics_config`

Required:

- `type` (String) Metrics type. Only 'jmxPrometheusExporter' supported currently.
- `value_from` (Attributes) ConfigMap entry where the Prometheus JMX Exporter configuration is stored. For details of the structure of this configuration, see the {JMXExporter}. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--metrics_config--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--metrics_config--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metrics_config.value_from`

Optional:

- `config_map_key_ref` (Attributes) Reference to the key in the ConfigMap containing the configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--metrics_config--value_from--config_map_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--metrics_config--value_from--config_map_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.metrics_config.value_from.config_map_key_ref`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `optional` (Boolean)




<a id="nestedatt--spec--rack"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rack`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) A key that matches labels assigned to the Kubernetes cluster nodes. The value of the label is used to set a broker's 'broker.rack' config, and the 'client.rack' config for Kafka Connect or MirrorMaker 2.0.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--readiness_probe"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.readiness_probe`

Optional:

- `failure_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive failures for the probe to be considered failed after having succeeded. Defaults to 3. Minimum value is 1.
- `initial_delay_seconds` (Number) The initial delay before first the health is first checked. Default to 15 seconds. Minimum value is 0.
- `period_seconds` (Number) How often (in seconds) to perform the probe. Default to 10 seconds. Minimum value is 1.
- `success_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive successes for the probe to be considered successful after having failed. Defaults to 1. Must be 1 for liveness. Minimum value is 1.
- `timeout_seconds` (Number) The timeout for each attempted health check. Default to 5 seconds. Minimum value is 1.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources`

Optional:

- `limits` (Dynamic)
- `requests` (Dynamic)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template`

Optional:

- `api_service` (Attributes) Template for Kafka Connect API 'Service'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--api_service))
- `build_config` (Attributes) Template for the Kafka Connect BuildConfig used to build new container images. The BuildConfig is used only on OpenShift. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_config))
- `build_container` (Attributes) Template for the Kafka Connect Build container. The build container is used only on Kubernetes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_container))
- `build_pod` (Attributes) Template for Kafka Connect Build 'Pods'. The build pod is used only on Kubernetes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod))
- `build_service_account` (Attributes) Template for the Kafka Connect Build service account. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_service_account))
- `cluster_role_binding` (Attributes) Template for the Kafka Connect ClusterRoleBinding. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--cluster_role_binding))
- `connect_container` (Attributes) Template for the Kafka Connect container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--connect_container))
- `deployment` (Attributes) Template for Kafka Connect 'Deployment'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--deployment))
- `init_container` (Attributes) Template for the Kafka init container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--init_container))
- `jmx_secret` (Attributes) Template for Secret of the Kafka Connect Cluster JMX authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--jmx_secret))
- `pod` (Attributes) Template for Kafka Connect 'Pods'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod))
- `pod_disruption_budget` (Attributes) Template for Kafka Connect 'PodDisruptionBudget'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod_disruption_budget))
- `service_account` (Attributes) Template for the Kafka Connect service account. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--service_account))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--api_service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.api_service`

Optional:

- `ip_families` (List of String) Specifies the IP Families used by the service. Available options are 'IPv4' and 'IPv6. If unspecified, Kubernetes will choose the default value based on the 'ipFamilyPolicy' setting. Available on Kubernetes 1.20 and newer.
- `ip_family_policy` (String) Specifies the IP Family Policy used by the service. Available options are 'SingleStack', 'PreferDualStack' and 'RequireDualStack'. 'SingleStack' is for a single IP family. 'PreferDualStack' is for two IP families on dual-stack configured clusters or a single IP family on single-stack clusters. 'RequireDualStack' fails unless there are two IP families on dual-stack configured clusters. If unspecified, Kubernetes will choose the default value based on the service type. Available on Kubernetes 1.20 and newer.
- `metadata` (Attributes) Metadata applied to the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--api_service--metadata))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--api_service--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.api_service.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Dynamic) Annotations added to the resource template. Can be applied to different resources such as 'StatefulSets', 'Deployments', 'Pods', and 'Services'.
- `labels` (Dynamic) Labels added to the resource template. Can be applied to different resources such as 'StatefulSets', 'Deployments', 'Pods', and 'Services'.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_config`

Optional:

- `metadata` (Attributes) Metadata to apply to the 'PodDisruptionBudgetTemplate' resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_config--metadata))
- `pull_secret` (String) Container Registry Secret with the credentials for pulling the base image.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_config--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_config.pull_secret`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Dynamic) Annotations added to the resource template. Can be applied to different resources such as 'StatefulSets', 'Deployments', 'Pods', and 'Services'.
- `labels` (Dynamic) Labels added to the resource template. Can be applied to different resources such as 'StatefulSets', 'Deployments', 'Pods', and 'Services'.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_container"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_container`

Optional:

- `env` (Attributes List) Environment variables which should be applied to the container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_container--env))
- `security_context` (Attributes) Security context for the container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_container--security_context))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_container--env"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_container.security_context`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The environment variable key.
- `value` (String) The environment variable value.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_container--security_context"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_container.security_context`

Optional:

- `allow_privilege_escalation` (Boolean)
- `capabilities` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_container--security_context--capabilities))
- `privileged` (Boolean)
- `proc_mount` (String)
- `read_only_root_filesystem` (Boolean)
- `run_as_group` (Number)
- `run_as_non_root` (Boolean)
- `run_as_user` (Number)
- `se_linux_options` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_container--security_context--se_linux_options))
- `seccomp_profile` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_container--security_context--seccomp_profile))
- `windows_options` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_container--security_context--windows_options))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_container--security_context--capabilities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_container.security_context.capabilities`

Optional:

- `add` (List of String)
- `drop` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_container--security_context--se_linux_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_container.security_context.se_linux_options`

Optional:

- `level` (String)
- `role` (String)
- `type` (String)
- `user` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_container--security_context--seccomp_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_container.security_context.seccomp_profile`

Optional:

- `localhost_profile` (String)
- `type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_container--security_context--windows_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_container.security_context.windows_options`

Optional:

- `gmsa_credential_spec` (String)
- `gmsa_credential_spec_name` (String)
- `host_process` (Boolean)
- `run_as_user_name` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod`

Optional:

- `affinity` (Attributes) The pod's affinity rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity))
- `enable_service_links` (Boolean) Indicates whether information about services should be injected into Pod's environment variables.
- `host_aliases` (Attributes List) The pod's HostAliases. HostAliases is an optional list of hosts and IPs that will be injected into the Pod's hosts file if specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--host_aliases))
- `image_pull_secrets` (Attributes List) List of references to secrets in the same namespace to use for pulling any of the images used by this Pod. When the 'STRIMZI_IMAGE_PULL_SECRETS' environment variable in Cluster Operator and the 'imagePullSecrets' option are specified, only the 'imagePullSecrets' variable is used and the 'STRIMZI_IMAGE_PULL_SECRETS' variable is ignored. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--image_pull_secrets))
- `metadata` (Attributes) Metadata applied to the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--metadata))
- `priority_class_name` (String) The name of the priority class used to assign priority to the pods. For more information about priority classes, see {K8sPriorityClass}.
- `scheduler_name` (String) The name of the scheduler used to dispatch this 'Pod'. If not specified, the default scheduler will be used.
- `security_context` (Attributes) Configures pod-level security attributes and common container settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--security_context))
- `termination_grace_period_seconds` (Number) The grace period is the duration in seconds after the processes running in the pod are sent a termination signal, and the time when the processes are forcibly halted with a kill signal. Set this value to longer than the expected cleanup time for your process. Value must be a non-negative integer. A zero value indicates delete immediately. You might need to increase the grace period for very large Kafka clusters, so that the Kafka brokers have enough time to transfer their work to another broker before they are terminated. Defaults to 30 seconds.
- `tmp_dir_size_limit` (String) Defines the total amount (for example '1Gi') of local storage required for temporary EmptyDir volume ('/tmp'). Default value is '5Mi'.
- `tolerations` (Attributes List) The pod's tolerations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--tolerations))
- `topology_spread_constraints` (Attributes List) The pod's topology spread constraints. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.topology_spread_constraints`

Optional:

- `node_affinity` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--node_affinity))
- `pod_affinity` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_affinity))
- `pod_anti_affinity` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_anti_affinity))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--node_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.topology_spread_constraints.node_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.topology_spread_constraints.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Optional:

- `preference` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference))
- `weight` (Number)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.topology_spread_constraints.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--match_expressions))
- `match_fields` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--match_fields))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.topology_spread_constraints.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.match_fields`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.topology_spread_constraints.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.match_fields`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)




<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.topology_spread_constraints.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Optional:

- `node_selector_terms` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.topology_spread_constraints.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_expressions))
- `match_fields` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_fields))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.topology_spread_constraints.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms.match_fields`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.topology_spread_constraints.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms.match_fields`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)





<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.topology_spread_constraints.pod_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.topology_spread_constraints.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Optional:

- `pod_affinity_term` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term))
- `weight` (Number)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.topology_spread_constraints.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight`

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--label_selector))
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String)
- `topology_key` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.topology_spread_constraints.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.topology_key`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--topology_key--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Dynamic)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--topology_key--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.topology_spread_constraints.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.topology_key.match_expressions`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.topology_spread_constraints.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.topology_key`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--topology_key--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Dynamic)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--topology_key--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.topology_spread_constraints.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.topology_key.match_expressions`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)





<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.topology_spread_constraints.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector))
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String)
- `topology_key` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.topology_spread_constraints.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.topology_key`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--topology_key--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Dynamic)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--topology_key--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.topology_spread_constraints.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.topology_key.match_labels`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.topology_spread_constraints.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.topology_key`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--topology_key--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Dynamic)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--topology_key--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.topology_spread_constraints.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.topology_key.match_labels`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)





<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_anti_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.topology_spread_constraints.pod_anti_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.topology_spread_constraints.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Optional:

- `pod_affinity_term` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term))
- `weight` (Number)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.topology_spread_constraints.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight`

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--label_selector))
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String)
- `topology_key` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.topology_spread_constraints.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.topology_key`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--topology_key--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Dynamic)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--topology_key--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.topology_spread_constraints.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.topology_key.match_expressions`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.topology_spread_constraints.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.topology_key`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--topology_key--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Dynamic)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--topology_key--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.topology_spread_constraints.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.topology_key.match_expressions`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)





<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.topology_spread_constraints.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector))
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String)
- `topology_key` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.topology_spread_constraints.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.topology_key`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--topology_key--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Dynamic)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--topology_key--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.topology_spread_constraints.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.topology_key.match_labels`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.topology_spread_constraints.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.topology_key`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--topology_key--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Dynamic)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--topology_key--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.topology_spread_constraints.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.topology_key.match_labels`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)






<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--host_aliases"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.topology_spread_constraints`

Optional:

- `hostnames` (List of String)
- `ip` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--image_pull_secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.topology_spread_constraints`

Optional:

- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.topology_spread_constraints`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Dynamic) Annotations added to the resource template. Can be applied to different resources such as 'StatefulSets', 'Deployments', 'Pods', and 'Services'.
- `labels` (Dynamic) Labels added to the resource template. Can be applied to different resources such as 'StatefulSets', 'Deployments', 'Pods', and 'Services'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--security_context"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.topology_spread_constraints`

Optional:

- `fs_group` (Number)
- `fs_group_change_policy` (String)
- `run_as_group` (Number)
- `run_as_non_root` (Boolean)
- `run_as_user` (Number)
- `se_linux_options` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--se_linux_options))
- `seccomp_profile` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--seccomp_profile))
- `supplemental_groups` (List of String)
- `sysctls` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--sysctls))
- `windows_options` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--windows_options))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--se_linux_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.topology_spread_constraints.se_linux_options`

Optional:

- `level` (String)
- `role` (String)
- `type` (String)
- `user` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--seccomp_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.topology_spread_constraints.seccomp_profile`

Optional:

- `localhost_profile` (String)
- `type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--sysctls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.topology_spread_constraints.sysctls`

Optional:

- `name` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--windows_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.topology_spread_constraints.windows_options`

Optional:

- `gmsa_credential_spec` (String)
- `gmsa_credential_spec_name` (String)
- `host_process` (Boolean)
- `run_as_user_name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--tolerations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.topology_spread_constraints`

Optional:

- `effect` (String)
- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `toleration_seconds` (Number)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.topology_spread_constraints`

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--label_selector))
- `max_skew` (Number)
- `min_domains` (Number)
- `topology_key` (String)
- `when_unsatisfiable` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.topology_spread_constraints.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Dynamic)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_pod--topology_spread_constraints--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_pod.topology_spread_constraints.label_selector.match_labels`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)





<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_service_account"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_service_account`

Optional:

- `metadata` (Attributes) Metadata applied to the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--build_service_account--metadata))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--build_service_account--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.build_service_account.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Dynamic) Annotations added to the resource template. Can be applied to different resources such as 'StatefulSets', 'Deployments', 'Pods', and 'Services'.
- `labels` (Dynamic) Labels added to the resource template. Can be applied to different resources such as 'StatefulSets', 'Deployments', 'Pods', and 'Services'.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--cluster_role_binding"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.cluster_role_binding`

Optional:

- `metadata` (Attributes) Metadata applied to the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--cluster_role_binding--metadata))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--cluster_role_binding--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.cluster_role_binding.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Dynamic) Annotations added to the resource template. Can be applied to different resources such as 'StatefulSets', 'Deployments', 'Pods', and 'Services'.
- `labels` (Dynamic) Labels added to the resource template. Can be applied to different resources such as 'StatefulSets', 'Deployments', 'Pods', and 'Services'.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--connect_container"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.connect_container`

Optional:

- `env` (Attributes List) Environment variables which should be applied to the container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--connect_container--env))
- `security_context` (Attributes) Security context for the container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--connect_container--security_context))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--connect_container--env"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.connect_container.security_context`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The environment variable key.
- `value` (String) The environment variable value.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--connect_container--security_context"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.connect_container.security_context`

Optional:

- `allow_privilege_escalation` (Boolean)
- `capabilities` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--connect_container--security_context--capabilities))
- `privileged` (Boolean)
- `proc_mount` (String)
- `read_only_root_filesystem` (Boolean)
- `run_as_group` (Number)
- `run_as_non_root` (Boolean)
- `run_as_user` (Number)
- `se_linux_options` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--connect_container--security_context--se_linux_options))
- `seccomp_profile` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--connect_container--security_context--seccomp_profile))
- `windows_options` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--connect_container--security_context--windows_options))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--connect_container--security_context--capabilities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.connect_container.security_context.capabilities`

Optional:

- `add` (List of String)
- `drop` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--connect_container--security_context--se_linux_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.connect_container.security_context.se_linux_options`

Optional:

- `level` (String)
- `role` (String)
- `type` (String)
- `user` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--connect_container--security_context--seccomp_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.connect_container.security_context.seccomp_profile`

Optional:

- `localhost_profile` (String)
- `type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--connect_container--security_context--windows_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.connect_container.security_context.windows_options`

Optional:

- `gmsa_credential_spec` (String)
- `gmsa_credential_spec_name` (String)
- `host_process` (Boolean)
- `run_as_user_name` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--deployment"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.deployment`

Optional:

- `deployment_strategy` (String) DeploymentStrategy which will be used for this Deployment. Valid values are 'RollingUpdate' and 'Recreate'. Defaults to 'RollingUpdate'.
- `metadata` (Attributes) Metadata applied to the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--deployment--metadata))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--deployment--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.deployment.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Dynamic) Annotations added to the resource template. Can be applied to different resources such as 'StatefulSets', 'Deployments', 'Pods', and 'Services'.
- `labels` (Dynamic) Labels added to the resource template. Can be applied to different resources such as 'StatefulSets', 'Deployments', 'Pods', and 'Services'.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--init_container"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.init_container`

Optional:

- `env` (Attributes List) Environment variables which should be applied to the container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--init_container--env))
- `security_context` (Attributes) Security context for the container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--init_container--security_context))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--init_container--env"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.init_container.security_context`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The environment variable key.
- `value` (String) The environment variable value.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--init_container--security_context"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.init_container.security_context`

Optional:

- `allow_privilege_escalation` (Boolean)
- `capabilities` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--init_container--security_context--capabilities))
- `privileged` (Boolean)
- `proc_mount` (String)
- `read_only_root_filesystem` (Boolean)
- `run_as_group` (Number)
- `run_as_non_root` (Boolean)
- `run_as_user` (Number)
- `se_linux_options` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--init_container--security_context--se_linux_options))
- `seccomp_profile` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--init_container--security_context--seccomp_profile))
- `windows_options` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--init_container--security_context--windows_options))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--init_container--security_context--capabilities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.init_container.security_context.capabilities`

Optional:

- `add` (List of String)
- `drop` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--init_container--security_context--se_linux_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.init_container.security_context.se_linux_options`

Optional:

- `level` (String)
- `role` (String)
- `type` (String)
- `user` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--init_container--security_context--seccomp_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.init_container.security_context.seccomp_profile`

Optional:

- `localhost_profile` (String)
- `type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--init_container--security_context--windows_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.init_container.security_context.windows_options`

Optional:

- `gmsa_credential_spec` (String)
- `gmsa_credential_spec_name` (String)
- `host_process` (Boolean)
- `run_as_user_name` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--jmx_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.jmx_secret`

Optional:

- `metadata` (Attributes) Metadata applied to the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--jmx_secret--metadata))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--jmx_secret--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.jmx_secret.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Dynamic) Annotations added to the resource template. Can be applied to different resources such as 'StatefulSets', 'Deployments', 'Pods', and 'Services'.
- `labels` (Dynamic) Labels added to the resource template. Can be applied to different resources such as 'StatefulSets', 'Deployments', 'Pods', and 'Services'.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod`

Optional:

- `affinity` (Attributes) The pod's affinity rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity))
- `enable_service_links` (Boolean) Indicates whether information about services should be injected into Pod's environment variables.
- `host_aliases` (Attributes List) The pod's HostAliases. HostAliases is an optional list of hosts and IPs that will be injected into the Pod's hosts file if specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--host_aliases))
- `image_pull_secrets` (Attributes List) List of references to secrets in the same namespace to use for pulling any of the images used by this Pod. When the 'STRIMZI_IMAGE_PULL_SECRETS' environment variable in Cluster Operator and the 'imagePullSecrets' option are specified, only the 'imagePullSecrets' variable is used and the 'STRIMZI_IMAGE_PULL_SECRETS' variable is ignored. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--image_pull_secrets))
- `metadata` (Attributes) Metadata applied to the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--metadata))
- `priority_class_name` (String) The name of the priority class used to assign priority to the pods. For more information about priority classes, see {K8sPriorityClass}.
- `scheduler_name` (String) The name of the scheduler used to dispatch this 'Pod'. If not specified, the default scheduler will be used.
- `security_context` (Attributes) Configures pod-level security attributes and common container settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--security_context))
- `termination_grace_period_seconds` (Number) The grace period is the duration in seconds after the processes running in the pod are sent a termination signal, and the time when the processes are forcibly halted with a kill signal. Set this value to longer than the expected cleanup time for your process. Value must be a non-negative integer. A zero value indicates delete immediately. You might need to increase the grace period for very large Kafka clusters, so that the Kafka brokers have enough time to transfer their work to another broker before they are terminated. Defaults to 30 seconds.
- `tmp_dir_size_limit` (String) Defines the total amount (for example '1Gi') of local storage required for temporary EmptyDir volume ('/tmp'). Default value is '5Mi'.
- `tolerations` (Attributes List) The pod's tolerations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--tolerations))
- `topology_spread_constraints` (Attributes List) The pod's topology spread constraints. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.topology_spread_constraints`

Optional:

- `node_affinity` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--node_affinity))
- `pod_affinity` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_affinity))
- `pod_anti_affinity` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_anti_affinity))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--node_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.topology_spread_constraints.node_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.topology_spread_constraints.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Optional:

- `preference` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference))
- `weight` (Number)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.topology_spread_constraints.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--match_expressions))
- `match_fields` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--match_fields))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.topology_spread_constraints.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.match_fields`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.topology_spread_constraints.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.match_fields`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)




<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.topology_spread_constraints.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Optional:

- `node_selector_terms` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.topology_spread_constraints.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_expressions))
- `match_fields` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_fields))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.topology_spread_constraints.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms.match_fields`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.topology_spread_constraints.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms.match_fields`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)





<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.topology_spread_constraints.pod_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.topology_spread_constraints.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Optional:

- `pod_affinity_term` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term))
- `weight` (Number)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.topology_spread_constraints.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight`

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--label_selector))
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String)
- `topology_key` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.topology_spread_constraints.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.topology_key`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--topology_key--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Dynamic)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--topology_key--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.topology_spread_constraints.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.topology_key.match_expressions`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.topology_spread_constraints.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.topology_key`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--topology_key--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Dynamic)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--topology_key--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.topology_spread_constraints.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.topology_key.match_expressions`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)





<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.topology_spread_constraints.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector))
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String)
- `topology_key` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.topology_spread_constraints.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.topology_key`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--topology_key--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Dynamic)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--topology_key--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.topology_spread_constraints.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.topology_key.match_labels`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.topology_spread_constraints.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.topology_key`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--topology_key--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Dynamic)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--topology_key--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.topology_spread_constraints.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.topology_key.match_labels`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)





<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_anti_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.topology_spread_constraints.pod_anti_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.topology_spread_constraints.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Optional:

- `pod_affinity_term` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term))
- `weight` (Number)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.topology_spread_constraints.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight`

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--label_selector))
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String)
- `topology_key` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.topology_spread_constraints.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.topology_key`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--topology_key--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Dynamic)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--topology_key--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.topology_spread_constraints.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.topology_key.match_expressions`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.topology_spread_constraints.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.topology_key`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--topology_key--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Dynamic)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--topology_key--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.topology_spread_constraints.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.topology_key.match_expressions`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)





<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.topology_spread_constraints.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector))
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String)
- `topology_key` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.topology_spread_constraints.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.topology_key`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--topology_key--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Dynamic)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--topology_key--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.topology_spread_constraints.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.topology_key.match_labels`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.topology_spread_constraints.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.topology_key`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--topology_key--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Dynamic)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--topology_key--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.topology_spread_constraints.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.topology_key.match_labels`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)






<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--host_aliases"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.topology_spread_constraints`

Optional:

- `hostnames` (List of String)
- `ip` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--image_pull_secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.topology_spread_constraints`

Optional:

- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.topology_spread_constraints`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Dynamic) Annotations added to the resource template. Can be applied to different resources such as 'StatefulSets', 'Deployments', 'Pods', and 'Services'.
- `labels` (Dynamic) Labels added to the resource template. Can be applied to different resources such as 'StatefulSets', 'Deployments', 'Pods', and 'Services'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--security_context"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.topology_spread_constraints`

Optional:

- `fs_group` (Number)
- `fs_group_change_policy` (String)
- `run_as_group` (Number)
- `run_as_non_root` (Boolean)
- `run_as_user` (Number)
- `se_linux_options` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--se_linux_options))
- `seccomp_profile` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--seccomp_profile))
- `supplemental_groups` (List of String)
- `sysctls` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--sysctls))
- `windows_options` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--windows_options))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--se_linux_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.topology_spread_constraints.se_linux_options`

Optional:

- `level` (String)
- `role` (String)
- `type` (String)
- `user` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--seccomp_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.topology_spread_constraints.seccomp_profile`

Optional:

- `localhost_profile` (String)
- `type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--sysctls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.topology_spread_constraints.sysctls`

Optional:

- `name` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--windows_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.topology_spread_constraints.windows_options`

Optional:

- `gmsa_credential_spec` (String)
- `gmsa_credential_spec_name` (String)
- `host_process` (Boolean)
- `run_as_user_name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--tolerations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.topology_spread_constraints`

Optional:

- `effect` (String)
- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `toleration_seconds` (Number)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.topology_spread_constraints`

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--label_selector))
- `max_skew` (Number)
- `min_domains` (Number)
- `topology_key` (String)
- `when_unsatisfiable` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.topology_spread_constraints.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Dynamic)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod--topology_spread_constraints--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod.topology_spread_constraints.label_selector.match_labels`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `values` (List of String)





<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod_disruption_budget"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod_disruption_budget`

Optional:

- `max_unavailable` (Number) Maximum number of unavailable pods to allow automatic Pod eviction. A Pod eviction is allowed when the 'maxUnavailable' number of pods or fewer are unavailable after the eviction. Setting this value to 0 prevents all voluntary evictions, so the pods must be evicted manually. Defaults to 1.
- `metadata` (Attributes) Metadata to apply to the 'PodDisruptionBudgetTemplate' resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--pod_disruption_budget--metadata))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--pod_disruption_budget--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.pod_disruption_budget.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Dynamic) Annotations added to the resource template. Can be applied to different resources such as 'StatefulSets', 'Deployments', 'Pods', and 'Services'.
- `labels` (Dynamic) Labels added to the resource template. Can be applied to different resources such as 'StatefulSets', 'Deployments', 'Pods', and 'Services'.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--service_account"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.service_account`

Optional:

- `metadata` (Attributes) Metadata applied to the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--template--service_account--metadata))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--template--service_account--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.service_account.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Dynamic) Annotations added to the resource template. Can be applied to different resources such as 'StatefulSets', 'Deployments', 'Pods', and 'Services'.
- `labels` (Dynamic) Labels added to the resource template. Can be applied to different resources such as 'StatefulSets', 'Deployments', 'Pods', and 'Services'.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tls`

Optional:

- `trusted_certificates` (Attributes List) Trusted certificates for TLS connection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tls--trusted_certificates))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--tls--trusted_certificates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tls.trusted_certificates`

Required:

- `certificate` (String) The name of the file certificate in the Secret.
- `secret_name` (String) The name of the Secret containing the certificate.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--tracing"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tracing`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type of the tracing used. Currently the only supported type is 'jaeger' for Jaeger tracing. The Jaeger tracing is deprecated.


