---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_keycloak_org_keycloak_realm_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "keycloak.org"
description: |-
  KeycloakRealm is the Schema for the keycloakrealms API
---

# k8s_keycloak_org_keycloak_realm_v1alpha1 (Resource)

KeycloakRealm is the Schema for the keycloakrealms API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_keycloak_org_keycloak_realm_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) KeycloakRealmSpec defines the desired state of KeycloakRealm. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `realm` (Attributes) Keycloak Realm REST object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--realm))

Optional:

- `instance_selector` (Attributes) Selector for looking up Keycloak Custom Resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--instance_selector))
- `realm_overrides` (Attributes List) A list of overrides to the default Realm behavior. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--realm_overrides))
- `unmanaged` (Boolean) When set to true, this KeycloakRealm will be marked as unmanaged and not be managed by this operator. It can then be used for targeting purposes.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--realm"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.realm`

Required:

- `realm` (String) Realm name.

Optional:

- `access_token_lifespan` (Number) Access Token Lifespan
- `access_token_lifespan_for_implicit_flow` (Number) Access Token Lifespan For Implicit Flow
- `account_theme` (String) Account Theme
- `admin_events_details_enabled` (Boolean) Enable admin events details TODO: change to values and use kubebuilder default annotation once supported
- `admin_events_enabled` (Boolean) Enable events recording TODO: change to values and use kubebuilder default annotation once supported
- `admin_theme` (String) Admin Console Theme
- `authentication_flows` (Attributes List) Authentication flows (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--realm--authentication_flows))
- `authenticator_config` (Attributes List) Authenticator config (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--realm--authenticator_config))
- `browser_flow` (String) Browser authentication flow
- `brute_force_protected` (Boolean) Brute Force Detection
- `client_authentication_flow` (String) Client authentication flow
- `client_scope_mappings` (Map of String) Client Scope Mappings
- `client_scopes` (Attributes List) Client scopes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--realm--client_scopes))
- `clients` (Attributes List) A set of Keycloak Clients. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--realm--clients))
- `default_default_client_scopes` (List of String) Default client scopes to add to all new clients
- `default_locale` (String) Default Locale
- `default_role` (Attributes) Default role (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--realm--default_role))
- `direct_grant_flow` (String) Direct Grant authentication flow
- `display_name` (String) Realm display name.
- `display_name_html` (String) Realm HTML display name.
- `docker_authentication_flow` (String) Docker Authentication flow
- `duplicate_emails_allowed` (Boolean) Duplicate emails
- `edit_username_allowed` (Boolean) Edit username
- `email_theme` (String) Email Theme
- `enabled` (Boolean) Realm enabled flag.
- `enabled_event_types` (List of String) Enabled event types
- `events_enabled` (Boolean) Enable events recording TODO: change to values and use kubebuilder default annotation once supported
- `events_listeners` (List of String) A set of Event Listeners.
- `failure_factor` (Number) Max Login Failures
- `id` (String)
- `identity_provider_mappers` (Attributes List) A set of Identity Provider Mappers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--realm--identity_provider_mappers))
- `identity_providers` (Attributes List) A set of Identity Providers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--realm--identity_providers))
- `internationalization_enabled` (Boolean) Internationalization Enabled
- `login_theme` (String) Login Theme
- `login_with_email_allowed` (Boolean) Login with email
- `max_delta_time_seconds` (Number) Failure Reset Time
- `max_failure_wait_seconds` (Number) Max Wait
- `minimum_quick_login_wait_seconds` (Number) Minimum Quick Login Wait
- `otp_policy_algorithm` (String) OTP Policy Algorithm
- `otp_policy_digits` (Number) OTP Policy Digits
- `otp_policy_initial_counter` (Number) OTP Policy Initial Counter
- `otp_policy_look_ahead_window` (Number) OTP Policy Look Ahead Window
- `otp_policy_period` (Number) OTP Policy Period
- `otp_policy_type` (String) OTP Policy Type
- `otp_supported_applications` (List of String) OTP Supported Applications
- `password_policy` (String) Realm Password Policy
- `permanent_lockout` (Boolean) Permanent Lockout
- `quick_login_check_milli_seconds` (Number) Quick Login Check Milli Seconds
- `registration_allowed` (Boolean) User registration
- `registration_email_as_username` (Boolean) Email as username
- `registration_flow` (String) Registration flow
- `remember_me` (Boolean) Remember me
- `reset_credentials_flow` (String) Reset Credentials authentication flow
- `reset_password_allowed` (Boolean) Forgot password
- `roles` (Attributes) Roles (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--realm--roles))
- `scope_mappings` (Attributes List) Scope Mappings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--realm--scope_mappings))
- `smtp_server` (Map of String) Email
- `ssl_required` (String) Require SSL
- `supported_locales` (List of String) Supported Locales
- `user_federation_mappers` (Attributes List) User federation mappers are extension points triggered by the user federation at various points. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--realm--user_federation_mappers))
- `user_federation_providers` (Attributes List) Point keycloak to an external user provider to validate credentials or pull in identity information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--realm--user_federation_providers))
- `user_managed_access_allowed` (Boolean) User Managed Access Allowed
- `users` (Attributes List) A set of Keycloak Users. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--realm--users))
- `verify_email` (Boolean) Verify email
- `wait_increment_seconds` (Number) Wait Increment

<a id="nestedatt--spec--realm--authentication_flows"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.realm.authentication_flows`

Required:

- `alias` (String) Alias
- `authentication_executions` (Attributes List) Authentication executions (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--realm--authentication_flows--authentication_executions))

Optional:

- `built_in` (Boolean) Built in
- `description` (String) Description
- `id` (String) ID
- `provider_id` (String) Provider ID
- `top_level` (Boolean) Top level

<a id="nestedatt--spec--realm--authentication_flows--authentication_executions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.realm.authentication_flows.top_level`

Optional:

- `authenticator` (String) Authenticator
- `authenticator_config` (String) Authenticator Config
- `authenticator_flow` (Boolean) Authenticator flow
- `flow_alias` (String) Flow Alias
- `priority` (Number) Priority
- `requirement` (String) Requirement [REQUIRED, OPTIONAL, ALTERNATIVE, DISABLED]
- `user_setup_allowed` (Boolean) User setup allowed



<a id="nestedatt--spec--realm--authenticator_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.realm.authenticator_config`

Required:

- `alias` (String) Alias

Optional:

- `config` (Map of String) Config
- `id` (String) ID


<a id="nestedatt--spec--realm--client_scopes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.realm.client_scopes`

Optional:

- `attributes` (Map of String)
- `description` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `protocol` (String)
- `protocol_mappers` (Attributes List) Protocol Mappers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--realm--client_scopes--protocol_mappers))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--realm--client_scopes--protocol_mappers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.realm.client_scopes.protocol_mappers`

Optional:

- `config` (Map of String) Config options.
- `consent_required` (Boolean) True if Consent Screen is required.
- `consent_text` (String) Text to use for displaying Consent Screen.
- `id` (String) Protocol Mapper ID.
- `name` (String) Protocol Mapper Name.
- `protocol` (String) Protocol to use.
- `protocol_mapper` (String) Protocol Mapper to use



<a id="nestedatt--spec--realm--clients"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.realm.clients`

Required:

- `client_id` (String) Client ID.

Optional:

- `access` (Map of String) Access options.
- `admin_url` (String) Application Admin URL.
- `attributes` (Map of String) Client Attributes.
- `authentication_flow_binding_overrides` (Map of String) Authentication Flow Binding Overrides.
- `authorization_services_enabled` (Boolean) True if fine-grained authorization support is enabled for this client.
- `authorization_settings` (Attributes) Authorization settings for this resource server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--realm--clients--authorization_settings))
- `base_url` (String) Application base URL.
- `bearer_only` (Boolean) True if a client supports only Bearer Tokens.
- `client_authenticator_type` (String) What Client authentication type to use.
- `consent_required` (Boolean) True if Consent Screen is required.
- `default_client_scopes` (List of String) A list of default client scopes. Default client scopes are always applied when issuing OpenID Connect tokens or SAML assertions for this client.
- `default_roles` (List of String) Default Client roles.
- `description` (String) Client description.
- `direct_access_grants_enabled` (Boolean) True if Direct Grant is enabled.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Client enabled flag.
- `frontchannel_logout` (Boolean) True if this client supports Front Channel logout.
- `full_scope_allowed` (Boolean) True if Full Scope is allowed.
- `id` (String) Client ID. If not specified, automatically generated.
- `implicit_flow_enabled` (Boolean) True if Implicit flow is enabled.
- `name` (String) Client name.
- `node_re_registration_timeout` (Number) Node registration timeout.
- `not_before` (Number) Not Before setting.
- `optional_client_scopes` (List of String) A list of optional client scopes. Optional client scopes are applied when issuing tokens for this client, but only when they are requested by the scope parameter in the OpenID Connect authorization request.
- `protocol` (String) Protocol used for this Client.
- `protocol_mappers` (Attributes List) Protocol Mappers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--realm--clients--protocol_mappers))
- `public_client` (Boolean) True if this is a public Client.
- `redirect_uris` (List of String) A list of valid Redirection URLs.
- `root_url` (String) Application root URL.
- `secret` (String) Client Secret. The Operator will automatically create a Secret based on this value.
- `service_accounts_enabled` (Boolean) True if Service Accounts are enabled.
- `standard_flow_enabled` (Boolean) True if Standard flow is enabled.
- `surrogate_auth_required` (Boolean) Surrogate Authentication Required option.
- `use_template_config` (Boolean) True to use a Template Config.
- `use_template_mappers` (Boolean) True to use Template Mappers.
- `use_template_scope` (Boolean) True to use Template Scope.
- `web_origins` (List of String) A list of valid Web Origins.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--realm--clients--authorization_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.realm.clients.web_origins`

Optional:

- `allow_remote_resource_management` (Boolean) True if resources should be managed remotely by the resource server.
- `client_id` (String) Client ID.
- `decision_strategy` (String) The decision strategy dictates how permissions are evaluated and how a final decision is obtained. 'Affirmative' means that at least one permission must evaluate to a positive decision in order to grant access to a resource and its scopes. 'Unanimous' means that all permissions must evaluate to a positive decision in order for the final decision to be also positive.
- `id` (String) ID.
- `name` (String) Name.
- `policies` (Attributes List) Policies. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--realm--clients--web_origins--policies))
- `policy_enforcement_mode` (String) The policy enforcement mode dictates how policies are enforced when evaluating authorization requests. 'Enforcing' means requests are denied by default even when there is no policy associated with a given resource. 'Permissive' means requests are allowed even when there is no policy associated with a given resource. 'Disabled' completely disables the evaluation of policies and allows access to any resource.
- `resources` (Attributes List) Resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--realm--clients--web_origins--resources))
- `scopes` (Attributes List) Authorization Scopes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--realm--clients--web_origins--scopes))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--realm--clients--web_origins--policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.realm.clients.web_origins.policies`

Optional:

- `config` (Map of String) Config.
- `decision_strategy` (String) The decision strategy dictates how the policies associated with a given permission are evaluated and how a final decision is obtained. 'Affirmative' means that at least one policy must evaluate to a positive decision in order for the final decision to be also positive. 'Unanimous' means that all policies must evaluate to a positive decision in order for the final decision to be also positive. 'Consensus' means that the number of positive decisions must be greater than the number of negative decisions. If the number of positive and negative is the same, the final decision will be negative.
- `description` (String) A description for this policy.
- `id` (String) ID.
- `logic` (String) The logic dictates how the policy decision should be made. If 'Positive', the resulting effect (permit or deny) obtained during the evaluation of this policy will be used to perform a decision. If 'Negative', the resulting effect will be negated, in other words, a permit becomes a deny and vice-versa.
- `name` (String) The name of this policy.
- `owner` (String) Owner.
- `policies` (List of String) Policies.
- `resources` (List of String) Resources.
- `resources_data` (Attributes List) Resources Data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--realm--clients--web_origins--policies--resources_data))
- `scopes` (List of String) Scopes.
- `scopes_data` (List of String) Scopes Data.
- `type` (String) Type.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--realm--clients--web_origins--policies--resources_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.realm.clients.web_origins.policies.type`

Optional:

- `_id` (String) ID.
- `attributes` (Map of String) The attributes associated with the resource.
- `display_name` (String) A unique name for this resource. The name can be used to uniquely identify a resource, useful when querying for a specific resource.
- `icon_uri` (String) An URI pointing to an icon.
- `name` (String) A unique name for this resource. The name can be used to uniquely identify a resource, useful when querying for a specific resource.
- `owner_managed_access` (Boolean) True if the access to this resource can be managed by the resource owner.
- `scopes` (List of String) The scopes associated with this resource.
- `type` (String) The type of this resource. It can be used to group different resource instances with the same type.
- `uris` (List of String) Set of URIs which are protected by resource.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--realm--clients--web_origins--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.realm.clients.web_origins.resources`

Optional:

- `_id` (String) ID.
- `attributes` (Map of String) The attributes associated with the resource.
- `display_name` (String) A unique name for this resource. The name can be used to uniquely identify a resource, useful when querying for a specific resource.
- `icon_uri` (String) An URI pointing to an icon.
- `name` (String) A unique name for this resource. The name can be used to uniquely identify a resource, useful when querying for a specific resource.
- `owner_managed_access` (Boolean) True if the access to this resource can be managed by the resource owner.
- `scopes` (List of String) The scopes associated with this resource.
- `type` (String) The type of this resource. It can be used to group different resource instances with the same type.
- `uris` (List of String) Set of URIs which are protected by resource.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--realm--clients--web_origins--scopes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.realm.clients.web_origins.scopes`

Optional:

- `display_name` (String) A unique name for this scope. The name can be used to uniquely identify a scope, useful when querying for a specific scope.
- `icon_uri` (String) An URI pointing to an icon.
- `id` (String) ID.
- `name` (String) A unique name for this scope. The name can be used to uniquely identify a scope, useful when querying for a specific scope.
- `policies` (Attributes List) Policies. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--realm--clients--web_origins--scopes--policies))
- `resources` (Attributes List) Resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--realm--clients--web_origins--scopes--resources))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--realm--clients--web_origins--scopes--policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.realm.clients.web_origins.scopes.resources`

Optional:

- `config` (Map of String) Config.
- `decision_strategy` (String) The decision strategy dictates how the policies associated with a given permission are evaluated and how a final decision is obtained. 'Affirmative' means that at least one policy must evaluate to a positive decision in order for the final decision to be also positive. 'Unanimous' means that all policies must evaluate to a positive decision in order for the final decision to be also positive. 'Consensus' means that the number of positive decisions must be greater than the number of negative decisions. If the number of positive and negative is the same, the final decision will be negative.
- `description` (String) A description for this policy.
- `id` (String) ID.
- `logic` (String) The logic dictates how the policy decision should be made. If 'Positive', the resulting effect (permit or deny) obtained during the evaluation of this policy will be used to perform a decision. If 'Negative', the resulting effect will be negated, in other words, a permit becomes a deny and vice-versa.
- `name` (String) The name of this policy.
- `owner` (String) Owner.
- `policies` (List of String) Policies.
- `resources` (List of String) Resources.
- `resources_data` (Attributes List) Resources Data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--realm--clients--web_origins--scopes--resources--resources_data))
- `scopes` (List of String) Scopes.
- `scopes_data` (List of String) Scopes Data.
- `type` (String) Type.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--realm--clients--web_origins--scopes--resources--resources_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.realm.clients.web_origins.scopes.resources.type`

Optional:

- `_id` (String) ID.
- `attributes` (Map of String) The attributes associated with the resource.
- `display_name` (String) A unique name for this resource. The name can be used to uniquely identify a resource, useful when querying for a specific resource.
- `icon_uri` (String) An URI pointing to an icon.
- `name` (String) A unique name for this resource. The name can be used to uniquely identify a resource, useful when querying for a specific resource.
- `owner_managed_access` (Boolean) True if the access to this resource can be managed by the resource owner.
- `scopes` (List of String) The scopes associated with this resource.
- `type` (String) The type of this resource. It can be used to group different resource instances with the same type.
- `uris` (List of String) Set of URIs which are protected by resource.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--realm--clients--web_origins--scopes--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.realm.clients.web_origins.scopes.resources`

Optional:

- `_id` (String) ID.
- `attributes` (Map of String) The attributes associated with the resource.
- `display_name` (String) A unique name for this resource. The name can be used to uniquely identify a resource, useful when querying for a specific resource.
- `icon_uri` (String) An URI pointing to an icon.
- `name` (String) A unique name for this resource. The name can be used to uniquely identify a resource, useful when querying for a specific resource.
- `owner_managed_access` (Boolean) True if the access to this resource can be managed by the resource owner.
- `scopes` (List of String) The scopes associated with this resource.
- `type` (String) The type of this resource. It can be used to group different resource instances with the same type.
- `uris` (List of String) Set of URIs which are protected by resource.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--realm--clients--protocol_mappers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.realm.clients.web_origins`

Optional:

- `config` (Map of String) Config options.
- `consent_required` (Boolean) True if Consent Screen is required.
- `consent_text` (String) Text to use for displaying Consent Screen.
- `id` (String) Protocol Mapper ID.
- `name` (String) Protocol Mapper Name.
- `protocol` (String) Protocol to use.
- `protocol_mapper` (String) Protocol Mapper to use



<a id="nestedatt--spec--realm--default_role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.realm.default_role`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name

Optional:

- `attributes` (Map of List of String) Role Attributes
- `client_role` (Boolean) Client Role
- `composite` (Boolean) Composite
- `composites` (Attributes) Composites (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--realm--default_role--composites))
- `container_id` (String) Container Id
- `description` (String) Description
- `id` (String) Id

<a id="nestedatt--spec--realm--default_role--composites"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.realm.default_role.id`

Optional:

- `client` (Map of List of String) Map client => []role
- `realm` (List of String) Realm roles



<a id="nestedatt--spec--realm--identity_provider_mappers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.realm.identity_provider_mappers`

Optional:

- `config` (Map of String) Identity Provider Mapper config.
- `id` (String)
- `identity_provider_alias` (String) Identity Provider Alias.
- `identity_provider_mapper` (String) Identity Provider Mapper.
- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--realm--identity_providers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.realm.identity_providers`

Optional:

- `add_read_token_role_on_create` (Boolean) Adds Read Token role when creating this Identity Provider.
- `alias` (String) Identity Provider Alias.
- `config` (Map of String) Identity Provider config.
- `display_name` (String) Identity Provider Display Name.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Identity Provider enabled flag.
- `first_broker_login_flow_alias` (String) Identity Provider First Broker Login Flow Alias.
- `internal_id` (String) Identity Provider Internal ID.
- `link_only` (Boolean) Identity Provider Link Only setting.
- `post_broker_login_flow_alias` (String) Identity Provider Post Broker Login Flow Alias.
- `provider_id` (String) Identity Provider ID.
- `store_token` (Boolean) Identity Provider Store to Token.
- `trust_email` (Boolean) Identity Provider Trust Email.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--realm--roles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.realm.roles`

Optional:

- `client` (Map of String) Client Roles
- `realm` (Attributes List) Realm Roles (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--realm--roles--realm))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--realm--roles--realm"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.realm.roles.realm`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name

Optional:

- `attributes` (Map of List of String) Role Attributes
- `client_role` (Boolean) Client Role
- `composite` (Boolean) Composite
- `composites` (Attributes) Composites (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--realm--roles--realm--composites))
- `container_id` (String) Container Id
- `description` (String) Description
- `id` (String) Id

<a id="nestedatt--spec--realm--roles--realm--composites"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.realm.roles.realm.composites`

Optional:

- `client` (Map of List of String) Map client => []role
- `realm` (List of String) Realm roles




<a id="nestedatt--spec--realm--scope_mappings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.realm.scope_mappings`

Optional:

- `client` (String) Client
- `client_scope` (String) Client Scope
- `roles` (List of String) Roles
- `self` (String) Self


<a id="nestedatt--spec--realm--user_federation_mappers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.realm.user_federation_mappers`

Optional:

- `config` (Map of String) User federation mapper config.
- `federation_mapper_type` (String)
- `federation_provider_display_name` (String) The displayName for the user federation provider this mapper applies to.
- `id` (String)
- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--realm--user_federation_providers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.realm.user_federation_providers`

Optional:

- `changed_sync_period` (Number)
- `config` (Map of String) User federation provider config.
- `display_name` (String) The display name of this provider instance.
- `full_sync_period` (Number)
- `id` (String) The ID of this provider
- `priority` (Number) The priority of this provider when looking up users or adding a user.
- `provider_name` (String) The name of the user provider, such as 'ldap', 'kerberos' or a custom SPI.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--realm--users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.realm.users`

Optional:

- `attributes` (Map of List of String) A set of Attributes.
- `client_roles` (Map of List of String) A set of Client Roles.
- `credentials` (Attributes List) A set of Credentials. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--realm--users--credentials))
- `email` (String) Email.
- `email_verified` (Boolean) True if email has already been verified.
- `enabled` (Boolean) User enabled flag.
- `federated_identities` (Attributes List) A set of Federated Identities. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--realm--users--federated_identities))
- `first_name` (String) First Name.
- `groups` (List of String) A set of Groups.
- `id` (String) User ID.
- `last_name` (String) Last Name.
- `realm_roles` (List of String) A set of Realm Roles.
- `required_actions` (List of String) A set of Required Actions.
- `username` (String) User Name.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--realm--users--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.realm.users.username`

Optional:

- `temporary` (Boolean) True if this credential object is temporary.
- `type` (String) Credential Type.
- `value` (String) Credential Value.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--realm--users--federated_identities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.realm.users.username`

Optional:

- `identity_provider` (String) Federated Identity Provider.
- `user_id` (String) Federated Identity User ID.
- `user_name` (String) Federated Identity User Name.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--instance_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.instance_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--instance_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--instance_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.instance_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--realm_overrides"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.realm_overrides`

Required:

- `identity_provider` (String) Identity Provider to be overridden.

Optional:

- `for_flow` (String) Flow to be overridden.



<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_keycloak_org_keycloak_realm_v1alpha1/import.sh"}}
