---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_keycloak_org_keycloak_user_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "keycloak.org/v1alpha1"
description: |-
  KeycloakUser is the Schema for the keycloakusers API.
---

# k8s_keycloak_org_keycloak_user_v1alpha1 (Resource)

KeycloakUser is the Schema for the keycloakusers API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_keycloak_org_keycloak_user_v1alpha1" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) KeycloakUserSpec defines the desired state of KeycloakUser. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `user` (Attributes) Keycloak User REST object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--user))

Optional:

- `realm_selector` (Attributes) Selector for looking up KeycloakRealm Custom Resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--realm_selector))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.user`

Optional:

- `attributes` (Map of List of String) A set of Attributes.
- `client_roles` (Map of List of String) A set of Client Roles.
- `credentials` (Attributes List) A set of Credentials. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--user--credentials))
- `email` (String) Email.
- `email_verified` (Boolean) True if email has already been verified.
- `enabled` (Boolean) User enabled flag.
- `federated_identities` (Attributes List) A set of Federated Identities. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--user--federated_identities))
- `first_name` (String) First Name.
- `groups` (List of String) A set of Groups.
- `id` (String) User ID.
- `last_name` (String) Last Name.
- `realm_roles` (List of String) A set of Realm Roles.
- `required_actions` (List of String) A set of Required Actions.
- `username` (String) User Name.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--user--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.user.credentials`

Optional:

- `temporary` (Boolean) True if this credential object is temporary.
- `type` (String) Credential Type.
- `value` (String) Credential Value.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--user--federated_identities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.user.federated_identities`

Optional:

- `identity_provider` (String) Federated Identity Provider.
- `user_id` (String) Federated Identity User ID.
- `user_name` (String) Federated Identity User Name.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--realm_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.realm_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--realm_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--realm_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.realm_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.


