---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_kms_services_k8s_aws_alias_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "kms.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  Alias is the Schema for the Aliases API
---

# k8s_kms_services_k8s_aws_alias_v1alpha1 (Resource)

Alias is the Schema for the Aliases API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_kms_services_k8s_aws_alias_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) AliasSpec defines the desired state of Alias. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `name` (String) Specifies the alias name. This value must begin with alias/ followed by a name, such as alias/ExampleAlias.  The AliasName value must be string of 1-256 characters. It can contain only alphanumeric characters, forward slashes (/), underscores (_), and dashes (-). The alias name cannot begin with alias/aws/. The alias/aws/ prefix is reserved for Amazon Web Services managed keys (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/concepts.html#aws-managed-cmk).

Optional:

- `target_key_id` (String) Associates the alias with the specified customer managed key (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/concepts.html#customer-cmk). The KMS key must be in the same Amazon Web Services Region.  A valid key ID is required. If you supply a null or empty string value, this operation returns an error.  For help finding the key ID and ARN, see Finding the Key ID and ARN (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/viewing-keys.html#find-cmk-id-arn) in the Key Management Service Developer Guide .  Specify the key ID or key ARN of the KMS key.  For example:  * Key ID: 1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab  * Key ARN: arn:aws:kms:us-east-2:111122223333:key/1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab  To get the key ID and key ARN for a KMS key, use ListKeys or DescribeKey.
- `target_key_ref` (Attributes) AWSResourceReferenceWrapper provides a wrapper around *AWSResourceReference type to provide more user friendly syntax for references using 'from' field Ex: APIIDRef:  from: name: my-api (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--target_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--target_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.target_key_ref`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference another k8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--target_key_ref--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--target_key_ref--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.target_key_ref.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_kms_services_k8s_aws_alias_v1alpha1/import.sh"}}
