---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_kuma_io_mesh_fault_injection_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "kuma.io"
description: |-
  
---

# k8s_kuma_io_mesh_fault_injection_v1alpha1 (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_kuma_io_mesh_fault_injection_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) Spec is the specification of the Kuma MeshFaultInjection resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `target_ref` (Attributes) TargetRef is a reference to the resource the policy takes an effect on. The resource could be either a real store object or virtual resource defined inplace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--target_ref))

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes List) From list makes a match between clients and corresponding configurations (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--target_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.target_ref`

Optional:

- `kind` (String) Kind of the referenced resource
- `mesh` (String) Mesh is reserved for future use to identify cross mesh resources.
- `name` (String) Name of the referenced resource. Can only be used with kinds: 'MeshService', 'MeshServiceSubset' and 'MeshGatewayRoute'
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags used to select a subset of proxies by tags. Can only be used with kinds 'MeshSubset' and 'MeshServiceSubset'


<a id="nestedatt--spec--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.from`

Required:

- `target_ref` (Attributes) TargetRef is a reference to the resource that represents a group of destinations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--from--target_ref))

Optional:

- `default` (Attributes) Default is a configuration specific to the group of destinations referenced in 'targetRef' (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--from--default))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--from--target_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.from.target_ref`

Optional:

- `kind` (String) Kind of the referenced resource
- `mesh` (String) Mesh is reserved for future use to identify cross mesh resources.
- `name` (String) Name of the referenced resource. Can only be used with kinds: 'MeshService', 'MeshServiceSubset' and 'MeshGatewayRoute'
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags used to select a subset of proxies by tags. Can only be used with kinds 'MeshSubset' and 'MeshServiceSubset'


<a id="nestedatt--spec--from--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.from.default`

Optional:

- `http` (Attributes List) Http allows to define list of Http faults between dataplanes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--from--default--http))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--from--default--http"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.from.default.http`

Optional:

- `abort` (Attributes) Abort defines a configuration of not delivering requests to destination service and replacing the responses from destination dataplane by predefined status code (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--from--default--http--abort))
- `delay` (Attributes) Delay defines configuration of delaying a response from a destination (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--from--default--http--delay))
- `response_bandwidth` (Attributes) ResponseBandwidth defines a configuration to limit the speed of responding to the requests (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--from--default--http--response_bandwidth))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--from--default--http--abort"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.from.default.http.abort`

Required:

- `http_status` (Number) HTTP status code which will be returned to source side
- `percentage` (String) Percentage of requests on which abort will be injected, has to be either int or decimal represented as string.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--from--default--http--delay"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.from.default.http.delay`

Required:

- `percentage` (String) Percentage of requests on which delay will be injected, has to be either int or decimal represented as string.
- `value` (String) The duration during which the response will be delayed


<a id="nestedatt--spec--from--default--http--response_bandwidth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.from.default.http.response_bandwidth`

Required:

- `limit` (String) Limit is represented by value measure in gbps, mbps, kbps or bps, e.g. 10kbps
- `percentage` (String) Percentage of requests on which response bandwidth limit will be either int or decimal represented as string.






<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_kuma_io_mesh_fault_injection_v1alpha1/import.sh"}}
