---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_kyverno_io_update_request_v1beta1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "kyverno.io"
description: |-
  UpdateRequest is a request to process mutate and generate rules in background.
---

# k8s_kyverno_io_update_request_v1beta1 (Resource)

UpdateRequest is a request to process mutate and generate rules in background.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_kyverno_io_update_request_v1beta1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) ResourceSpec is the information to identify the trigger resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `context` (Attributes) Context ... (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--context))
- `delete_downstream` (Boolean) DeleteDownstream represents whether the downstream needs to be deleted.
- `policy` (String) Specifies the name of the policy.
- `resource` (Attributes) ResourceSpec is the information to identify the trigger resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resource))
- `rule` (String) Rule is the associate rule name of the current UR.

Optional:

- `request_type` (String) Type represents request type for background processing
- `synchronize` (Boolean) Synchronize represents the sync behavior of the corresponding rule Optional. Defaults to 'false' if not specified.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--context"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.context`

Optional:

- `admission_request_info` (Attributes) AdmissionRequestInfoObject stores the admission request and operation details (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--context--admission_request_info))
- `user_info` (Attributes) RequestInfo contains permission info carried in an admission request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--context--user_info))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--context--admission_request_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.context.admission_request_info`

Optional:

- `admission_request` (Attributes) AdmissionRequest describes the admission.Attributes for the admission request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--context--admission_request_info--admission_request))
- `operation` (String) Operation is the type of resource operation being checked for admission control

<a id="nestedatt--spec--context--admission_request_info--admission_request"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.context.admission_request_info.operation`

Required:

- `kind` (Attributes) Kind is the fully-qualified type of object being submitted (for example, v1.Pod or autoscaling.v1.Scale) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--context--admission_request_info--operation--kind))
- `operation` (String) Operation is the operation being performed. This may be different than the operation requested. e.g. a patch can result in either a CREATE or UPDATE Operation.
- `resource` (Attributes) Resource is the fully-qualified resource being requested (for example, v1.pods) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--context--admission_request_info--operation--resource))
- `uid` (String) UID is an identifier for the individual request/response. It allows us to distinguish instances of requests which are otherwise identical (parallel requests, requests when earlier requests did not modify etc) The UID is meant to track the round trip (request/response) between the KAS and the WebHook, not the user request. It is suitable for correlating log entries between the webhook and apiserver, for either auditing or debugging.
- `user_info` (Attributes) UserInfo is information about the requesting user (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--context--admission_request_info--operation--user_info))

Optional:

- `dry_run` (Boolean) DryRun indicates that modifications will definitely not be persisted for this request. Defaults to false.
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the object as presented in the request.  On a CREATE operation, the client may omit name and rely on the server to generate the name.  If that is the case, this field will contain an empty string.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace associated with the request (if any).
- `object` (Map of String) Object is the object from the incoming request.
- `old_object` (Map of String) OldObject is the existing object. Only populated for DELETE and UPDATE requests.
- `options` (Map of String) Options is the operation option structure of the operation being performed. e.g. 'meta.k8s.io/v1.DeleteOptions' or 'meta.k8s.io/v1.CreateOptions'. This may be different than the options the caller provided. e.g. for a patch request the performed Operation might be a CREATE, in which case the Options will a 'meta.k8s.io/v1.CreateOptions' even though the caller provided 'meta.k8s.io/v1.PatchOptions'.
- `request_kind` (Attributes) RequestKind is the fully-qualified type of the original API request (for example, v1.Pod or autoscaling.v1.Scale). If this is specified and differs from the value in 'kind', an equivalent match and conversion was performed.  For example, if deployments can be modified via apps/v1 and apps/v1beta1, and a webhook registered a rule of 'apiGroups:['apps'], apiVersions:['v1'], resources: ['deployments']' and 'matchPolicy: Equivalent', an API request to apps/v1beta1 deployments would be converted and sent to the webhook with 'kind: {group:'apps', version:'v1', kind:'Deployment'}' (matching the rule the webhook registered for), and 'requestKind: {group:'apps', version:'v1beta1', kind:'Deployment'}' (indicating the kind of the original API request).  See documentation for the 'matchPolicy' field in the webhook configuration type for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--context--admission_request_info--operation--request_kind))
- `request_resource` (Attributes) RequestResource is the fully-qualified resource of the original API request (for example, v1.pods). If this is specified and differs from the value in 'resource', an equivalent match and conversion was performed.  For example, if deployments can be modified via apps/v1 and apps/v1beta1, and a webhook registered a rule of 'apiGroups:['apps'], apiVersions:['v1'], resources: ['deployments']' and 'matchPolicy: Equivalent', an API request to apps/v1beta1 deployments would be converted and sent to the webhook with 'resource: {group:'apps', version:'v1', resource:'deployments'}' (matching the resource the webhook registered for), and 'requestResource: {group:'apps', version:'v1beta1', resource:'deployments'}' (indicating the resource of the original API request).  See documentation for the 'matchPolicy' field in the webhook configuration type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--context--admission_request_info--operation--request_resource))
- `request_sub_resource` (String) RequestSubResource is the name of the subresource of the original API request, if any (for example, 'status' or 'scale') If this is specified and differs from the value in 'subResource', an equivalent match and conversion was performed. See documentation for the 'matchPolicy' field in the webhook configuration type.
- `sub_resource` (String) SubResource is the subresource being requested, if any (for example, 'status' or 'scale')

<a id="nestedatt--spec--context--admission_request_info--operation--kind"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.context.admission_request_info.operation.kind`

Required:

- `group` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `version` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--context--admission_request_info--operation--resource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.context.admission_request_info.operation.resource`

Required:

- `group` (String)
- `resource` (String)
- `version` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--context--admission_request_info--operation--user_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.context.admission_request_info.operation.user_info`

Optional:

- `extra` (Map of List of String) Any additional information provided by the authenticator.
- `groups` (List of String) The names of groups this user is a part of.
- `uid` (String) A unique value that identifies this user across time. If this user is deleted and another user by the same name is added, they will have different UIDs.
- `username` (String) The name that uniquely identifies this user among all active users.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--context--admission_request_info--operation--request_kind"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.context.admission_request_info.operation.request_kind`

Required:

- `group` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `version` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--context--admission_request_info--operation--request_resource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.context.admission_request_info.operation.request_resource`

Required:

- `group` (String)
- `resource` (String)
- `version` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--spec--context--user_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.context.user_info`

Optional:

- `cluster_roles` (List of String) ClusterRoles is a list of possible clusterRoles send the request.
- `roles` (List of String) Roles is a list of possible role send the request.
- `user_info` (Attributes) UserInfo is the userInfo carried in the admission request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--context--user_info--user_info))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--context--user_info--user_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.context.user_info.user_info`

Optional:

- `extra` (Map of List of String) Any additional information provided by the authenticator.
- `groups` (List of String) The names of groups this user is a part of.
- `uid` (String) A unique value that identifies this user across time. If this user is deleted and another user by the same name is added, they will have different UIDs.
- `username` (String) The name that uniquely identifies this user among all active users.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--resource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resource`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion specifies resource apiVersion.
- `kind` (String) Kind specifies resource kind.
- `name` (String) Name specifies the resource name.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace specifies resource namespace.



<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_kyverno_io_update_request_v1beta1/import.sh"}}
