---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_kyverno_io_generate_request_v1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "kyverno.io"
description: |-
  GenerateRequest is a request to process generate rule.
---

# k8s_kyverno_io_generate_request_v1 (Resource)

GenerateRequest is a request to process generate rule.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_kyverno_io_generate_request_v1" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
  spec = {
    context  = {}
    policy   = "some-policy"
    resource = {}
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) Spec is the information to identify the generate request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `context` (Attributes) Context ... (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--context))
- `policy` (String) Specifies the name of the policy.
- `resource` (Attributes) ResourceSpec is the information to identify the generate request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resource))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--context"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.context`

Optional:

- `admission_request_info` (Attributes) AdmissionRequestInfoObject stores the admission request and operation details (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--context--admission_request_info))
- `user_info` (Attributes) RequestInfo contains permission info carried in an admission request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--context--user_info))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--context--admission_request_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.context.admission_request_info`

Optional:

- `admission_request` (String)
- `operation` (String) Operation is the type of resource operation being checked for admission control


<a id="nestedatt--spec--context--user_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.context.user_info`

Optional:

- `cluster_roles` (List of String) ClusterRoles is a list of possible clusterRoles send the request.
- `roles` (List of String) Roles is a list of possible role send the request.
- `user_info` (Attributes) UserInfo is the userInfo carried in the admission request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--context--user_info--user_info))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--context--user_info--user_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.context.user_info.user_info`

Optional:

- `extra` (Map of List of String) Any additional information provided by the authenticator.
- `groups` (List of String) The names of groups this user is a part of.
- `uid` (String) A unique value that identifies this user across time. If this user is deleted and another user by the same name is added, they will have different UIDs.
- `username` (String) The name that uniquely identifies this user among all active users.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--resource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resource`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion specifies resource apiVersion.
- `kind` (String) Kind specifies resource kind.
- `name` (String) Name specifies the resource name.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace specifies resource namespace.


