---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_lambda_services_k8s_aws_alias_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "lambda.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  Alias is the Schema for the Aliases API
---

# k8s_lambda_services_k8s_aws_alias_v1alpha1 (Resource)

Alias is the Schema for the Aliases API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_lambda_services_k8s_aws_alias_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `function_version` (String) The function version that the alias invokes.
- `name` (String) The name of the alias.

Optional:

- `description` (String) A description of the alias.
- `function_event_invoke_config` (Attributes) Configures options for asynchronous invocation on an alias.  - DestinationConfig A destination for events after they have been sent to a function for processing.  Types of Destinations: Function - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of a Lambda function. Queue - The ARN of a standard SQS queue. Topic - The ARN of a standard SNS topic. Event Bus - The ARN of an Amazon EventBridge event bus.  - MaximumEventAgeInSeconds The maximum age of a request that Lambda sends to a function for processing.  - MaximumRetryAttempts The maximum number of times to retry when the function returns an error. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--function_event_invoke_config))
- `function_name` (String) The name of the Lambda function.  Name formats  * Function name - MyFunction.  * Function ARN - arn:aws:lambda:us-west-2:123456789012:function:MyFunction.  * Partial ARN - 123456789012:function:MyFunction.  The length constraint applies only to the full ARN. If you specify only the function name, it is limited to 64 characters in length.
- `function_ref` (Attributes) AWSResourceReferenceWrapper provides a wrapper around *AWSResourceReference type to provide more user friendly syntax for references using 'from' field Ex: APIIDRef:  from: name: my-api (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--function_ref))
- `provisioned_concurrency_config` (Attributes) Configures provisioned concurrency to a function's alias  - ProvisionedConcurrentExecutions The amount of provisioned concurrency to allocate for the version or alias. Minimum value of 1 is required (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provisioned_concurrency_config))
- `routing_config` (Attributes) The routing configuration (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/configuration-aliases.html#configuring-alias-routing) of the alias. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routing_config))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--function_event_invoke_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.function_event_invoke_config`

Optional:

- `destination_config` (Attributes) A configuration object that specifies the destination of an event after Lambda processes it. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--function_event_invoke_config--destination_config))
- `function_name` (String)
- `maximum_event_age_in_seconds` (Number)
- `maximum_retry_attempts` (Number)
- `qualifier` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--function_event_invoke_config--destination_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.function_event_invoke_config.destination_config`

Optional:

- `on_failure` (Attributes) A destination for events that failed processing. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--function_event_invoke_config--destination_config--on_failure))
- `on_success` (Attributes) A destination for events that were processed successfully. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--function_event_invoke_config--destination_config--on_success))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--function_event_invoke_config--destination_config--on_failure"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.function_event_invoke_config.destination_config.on_success`

Optional:

- `destination` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--function_event_invoke_config--destination_config--on_success"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.function_event_invoke_config.destination_config.on_success`

Optional:

- `destination` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--spec--function_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.function_ref`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference another k8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--function_ref--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--function_ref--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.function_ref.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--provisioned_concurrency_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provisioned_concurrency_config`

Optional:

- `function_name` (String)
- `provisioned_concurrent_executions` (Number)
- `qualifier` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--routing_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routing_config`

Optional:

- `additional_version_weights` (Map of String)



<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_lambda_services_k8s_aws_alias_v1alpha1/import.sh"}}
