---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_lambda_services_k8s_aws_function_url_config_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "lambda.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  FunctionURLConfig is the Schema for the FunctionURLConfigs API
---

# k8s_lambda_services_k8s_aws_function_url_config_v1alpha1 (Resource)

FunctionURLConfig is the Schema for the FunctionURLConfigs API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_lambda_services_k8s_aws_function_url_config_v1alpha1" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) FunctionUrlConfigSpec defines the desired state of FunctionUrlConfig.  Details about a Lambda function URL. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `auth_type` (String) The type of authentication that your function URL uses. Set to AWS_IAM if you want to restrict access to authenticated IAM users only. Set to NONE if you want to bypass IAM authentication to create a public endpoint. For more information, see Security and auth model for Lambda function URLs (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/urls-auth.html).

Optional:

- `cors` (Attributes) The cross-origin resource sharing (CORS) (https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS) settings for your function URL. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cors))
- `function_name` (String) The name of the Lambda function.  Name formats  * Function name - my-function.  * Function ARN - arn:aws:lambda:us-west-2:123456789012:function:my-function.  * Partial ARN - 123456789012:function:my-function.  The length constraint applies only to the full ARN. If you specify only the function name, it is limited to 64 characters in length.
- `function_ref` (Attributes) AWSResourceReferenceWrapper provides a wrapper around *AWSResourceReference type to provide more user friendly syntax for references using 'from' field Ex: APIIDRef: from: name: my-api (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--function_ref))
- `qualifier` (String) The alias name.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cors`

Optional:

- `allow_credentials` (Boolean)
- `allow_headers` (List of String)
- `allow_methods` (List of String)
- `allow_origins` (List of String)
- `expose_headers` (List of String)
- `max_age` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--function_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.function_ref`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference another k8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--function_ref--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--function_ref--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.function_ref.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)


