---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_lambda_services_k8s_aws_function_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "lambda.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  Function is the Schema for the Functions API
---

# k8s_lambda_services_k8s_aws_function_v1alpha1 (Resource)

Function is the Schema for the Functions API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_lambda_services_k8s_aws_function_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) FunctionSpec defines the desired state of Function. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `code` (Attributes) The code for the function. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--code))
- `name` (String) The name of the Lambda function.  Name formats  * Function name – my-function.  * Function ARN – arn:aws:lambda:us-west-2:123456789012:function:my-function.  * Partial ARN – 123456789012:function:my-function.  The length constraint applies only to the full ARN. If you specify only the function name, it is limited to 64 characters in length.

Optional:

- `architectures` (List of String) The instruction set architecture that the function supports. Enter a string array with one of the valid values (arm64 or x86_64). The default value is x86_64.
- `code_signing_config_arn` (String) To enable code signing for this function, specify the ARN of a code-signing configuration. A code-signing configuration includes a set of signing profiles, which define the trusted publishers for this function.
- `dead_letter_config` (Attributes) A dead-letter queue configuration that specifies the queue or topic where Lambda sends asynchronous events when they fail processing. For more information, see Dead-letter queues (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/invocation-async.html#invocation-dlq). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--dead_letter_config))
- `description` (String) A description of the function.
- `environment` (Attributes) Environment variables that are accessible from function code during execution. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--environment))
- `ephemeral_storage` (Attributes) The size of the function's /tmp directory in MB. The default value is 512, but can be any whole number between 512 and 10,240 MB. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ephemeral_storage))
- `file_system_configs` (Attributes List) Connection settings for an Amazon EFS file system. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--file_system_configs))
- `function_event_invoke_config` (Attributes) Configures options for asynchronous invocation on a function.  - DestinationConfig A destination for events after they have been sent to a function for processing.  Types of Destinations: Function - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of a Lambda function. Queue - The ARN of a standard SQS queue. Topic - The ARN of a standard SNS topic. Event Bus - The ARN of an Amazon EventBridge event bus.  - MaximumEventAgeInSeconds The maximum age of a request that Lambda sends to a function for processing.  - MaximumRetryAttempts The maximum number of times to retry when the function returns an error. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--function_event_invoke_config))
- `handler` (String) The name of the method within your code that Lambda calls to run your function. Handler is required if the deployment package is a .zip file archive. The format includes the file name. It can also include namespaces and other qualifiers, depending on the runtime. For more information, see Lambda programming model (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/foundation-progmodel.html).
- `image_config` (Attributes) Container image configuration values (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/configuration-images.html#configuration-images-settings) that override the values in the container image Dockerfile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--image_config))
- `kms_key_arn` (String) The ARN of the Key Management Service (KMS) key that's used to encrypt your function's environment variables. If it's not provided, Lambda uses a default service key.
- `kms_key_ref` (Attributes) AWSResourceReferenceWrapper provides a wrapper around *AWSResourceReference type to provide more user friendly syntax for references using 'from' field Ex: APIIDRef:  from: name: my-api (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--kms_key_ref))
- `layers` (List of String) A list of function layers (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/configuration-layers.html) to add to the function's execution environment. Specify each layer by its ARN, including the version.
- `memory_size` (Number) The amount of memory available to the function (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/configuration-function-common.html#configuration-memory-console) at runtime. Increasing the function memory also increases its CPU allocation. The default value is 128 MB. The value can be any multiple of 1 MB.
- `package_type` (String) The type of deployment package. Set to Image for container image and set to Zip for .zip file archive.
- `publish` (Boolean) Set to true to publish the first version of the function during creation.
- `reserved_concurrent_executions` (Number) The number of simultaneous executions to reserve for the function.
- `role` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the function's execution role.
- `role_ref` (Attributes) AWSResourceReferenceWrapper provides a wrapper around *AWSResourceReference type to provide more user friendly syntax for references using 'from' field Ex: APIIDRef:  from: name: my-api (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--role_ref))
- `runtime` (String) The identifier of the function's runtime (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/lambda-runtimes.html). Runtime is required if the deployment package is a .zip file archive.
- `snap_start` (Attributes) The function's SnapStart (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/snapstart.html) setting. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--snap_start))
- `tags` (Map of String) A list of tags (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/tagging.html) to apply to the function.
- `timeout` (Number) The amount of time (in seconds) that Lambda allows a function to run before stopping it. The default is 3 seconds. The maximum allowed value is 900 seconds. For more information, see Lambda execution environment (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/runtimes-context.html).
- `tracing_config` (Attributes) Set Mode to Active to sample and trace a subset of incoming requests with X-Ray (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/services-xray.html). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tracing_config))
- `vpc_config` (Attributes) For network connectivity to Amazon Web Services resources in a VPC, specify a list of security groups and subnets in the VPC. When you connect a function to a VPC, it can access resources and the internet only through that VPC. For more information, see Configuring a Lambda function to access resources in a VPC (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/configuration-vpc.html). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vpc_config))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--code"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.code`

Optional:

- `image_uri` (String)
- `s3_bucket` (String)
- `s3_bucket_ref` (Attributes) Reference field for S3Bucket (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--code--s3_bucket_ref))
- `s3_key` (String)
- `s3_object_version` (String)
- `zip_file` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--code--s3_bucket_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.code.s3_bucket_ref`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference another k8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--code--s3_bucket_ref--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--code--s3_bucket_ref--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.code.s3_bucket_ref.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--spec--dead_letter_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.dead_letter_config`

Optional:

- `target_arn` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--environment"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.environment`

Optional:

- `variables` (Map of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--ephemeral_storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ephemeral_storage`

Optional:

- `size` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--file_system_configs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.file_system_configs`

Optional:

- `arn` (String)
- `local_mount_path` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--function_event_invoke_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.function_event_invoke_config`

Optional:

- `destination_config` (Attributes) A configuration object that specifies the destination of an event after Lambda processes it. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--function_event_invoke_config--destination_config))
- `function_name` (String)
- `maximum_event_age_in_seconds` (Number)
- `maximum_retry_attempts` (Number)
- `qualifier` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--function_event_invoke_config--destination_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.function_event_invoke_config.destination_config`

Optional:

- `on_failure` (Attributes) A destination for events that failed processing. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--function_event_invoke_config--destination_config--on_failure))
- `on_success` (Attributes) A destination for events that were processed successfully. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--function_event_invoke_config--destination_config--on_success))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--function_event_invoke_config--destination_config--on_failure"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.function_event_invoke_config.destination_config.on_success`

Optional:

- `destination` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--function_event_invoke_config--destination_config--on_success"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.function_event_invoke_config.destination_config.on_success`

Optional:

- `destination` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--spec--image_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.image_config`

Optional:

- `command` (List of String)
- `entry_point` (List of String)
- `working_directory` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--kms_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.kms_key_ref`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference another k8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--kms_key_ref--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--kms_key_ref--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.kms_key_ref.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--role_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.role_ref`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference another k8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--role_ref--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--role_ref--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.role_ref.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--snap_start"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.snap_start`

Optional:

- `apply_on` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tracing_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tracing_config`

Optional:

- `mode` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--vpc_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vpc_config`

Optional:

- `security_group_i_ds` (List of String)
- `security_group_refs` (Attributes List) Reference field for SecurityGroupIDs (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vpc_config--security_group_refs))
- `subnet_i_ds` (List of String)
- `subnet_refs` (Attributes List) Reference field for SubnetIDs (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vpc_config--subnet_refs))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--vpc_config--security_group_refs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vpc_config.security_group_refs`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference another k8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vpc_config--security_group_refs--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--vpc_config--security_group_refs--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vpc_config.security_group_refs.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--vpc_config--subnet_refs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vpc_config.subnet_refs`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference another k8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--vpc_config--subnet_refs--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--vpc_config--subnet_refs--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vpc_config.subnet_refs.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)





<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_lambda_services_k8s_aws_function_v1alpha1/import.sh"}}
