---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_lambda_services_k8s_aws_event_source_mapping_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "lambda.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  EventSourceMapping is the Schema for the EventSourceMappings API
---

# k8s_lambda_services_k8s_aws_event_source_mapping_v1alpha1 (Resource)

EventSourceMapping is the Schema for the EventSourceMappings API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_lambda_services_k8s_aws_event_source_mapping_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) EventSourceMappingSpec defines the desired state of EventSourceMapping. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `amazon_managed_kafka_event_source_config` (Attributes) Specific configuration settings for an Amazon Managed Streaming for Apache Kafka (Amazon MSK) event source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--amazon_managed_kafka_event_source_config))
- `batch_size` (Number) The maximum number of records in each batch that Lambda pulls from your stream or queue and sends to your function. Lambda passes all of the records in the batch to the function in a single call, up to the payload limit for synchronous invocation (6 MB).  * Amazon Kinesis – Default 100. Max 10,000.  * Amazon DynamoDB Streams – Default 100. Max 10,000.  * Amazon Simple Queue Service – Default 10. For standard queues the max is 10,000. For FIFO queues the max is 10.  * Amazon Managed Streaming for Apache Kafka – Default 100. Max 10,000.  * Self-managed Apache Kafka – Default 100. Max 10,000.  * Amazon MQ (ActiveMQ and RabbitMQ) – Default 100. Max 10,000.
- `bisect_batch_on_function_error` (Boolean) (Streams only) If the function returns an error, split the batch in two and retry.
- `destination_config` (Attributes) (Streams only) An Amazon SQS queue or Amazon SNS topic destination for discarded records. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--destination_config))
- `enabled` (Boolean) When true, the event source mapping is active. When false, Lambda pauses polling and invocation.  Default: True
- `event_source_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the event source.  * Amazon Kinesis – The ARN of the data stream or a stream consumer.  * Amazon DynamoDB Streams – The ARN of the stream.  * Amazon Simple Queue Service – The ARN of the queue.  * Amazon Managed Streaming for Apache Kafka – The ARN of the cluster.  * Amazon MQ – The ARN of the broker.
- `event_source_ref` (Attributes) AWSResourceReferenceWrapper provides a wrapper around *AWSResourceReference type to provide more user friendly syntax for references using 'from' field Ex: APIIDRef:  from: name: my-api (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--event_source_ref))
- `filter_criteria` (Attributes) An object that defines the filter criteria that determine whether Lambda should process an event. For more information, see Lambda event filtering (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/invocation-eventfiltering.html). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--filter_criteria))
- `function_name` (String) The name of the Lambda function.  Name formats  * Function name – MyFunction.  * Function ARN – arn:aws:lambda:us-west-2:123456789012:function:MyFunction.  * Version or Alias ARN – arn:aws:lambda:us-west-2:123456789012:function:MyFunction:PROD.  * Partial ARN – 123456789012:function:MyFunction.  The length constraint applies only to the full ARN. If you specify only the function name, it's limited to 64 characters in length.
- `function_ref` (Attributes) AWSResourceReferenceWrapper provides a wrapper around *AWSResourceReference type to provide more user friendly syntax for references using 'from' field Ex: APIIDRef:  from: name: my-api (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--function_ref))
- `function_response_types` (List of String) (Streams and Amazon SQS) A list of current response type enums applied to the event source mapping.
- `maximum_batching_window_in_seconds` (Number) The maximum amount of time, in seconds, that Lambda spends gathering records before invoking the function. You can configure MaximumBatchingWindowInSeconds to any value from 0 seconds to 300 seconds in increments of seconds.  For streams and Amazon SQS event sources, the default batching window is 0 seconds. For Amazon MSK, Self-managed Apache Kafka, and Amazon MQ event sources, the default batching window is 500 ms. Note that because you can only change MaximumBatchingWindowInSeconds in increments of seconds, you cannot revert back to the 500 ms default batching window after you have changed it. To restore the default batching window, you must create a new event source mapping.  Related setting: For streams and Amazon SQS event sources, when you set BatchSize to a value greater than 10, you must set MaximumBatchingWindowInSeconds to at least 1.
- `maximum_record_age_in_seconds` (Number) (Streams only) Discard records older than the specified age. The default value is infinite (-1).
- `maximum_retry_attempts` (Number) (Streams only) Discard records after the specified number of retries. The default value is infinite (-1). When set to infinite (-1), failed records are retried until the record expires.
- `parallelization_factor` (Number) (Streams only) The number of batches to process from each shard concurrently.
- `queue_refs` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--queue_refs))
- `queues` (List of String) (MQ) The name of the Amazon MQ broker destination queue to consume.
- `scaling_config` (Attributes) (Amazon SQS only) The scaling configuration for the event source. For more information, see Configuring maximum concurrency for Amazon SQS event sources (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/with-sqs.html#events-sqs-max-concurrency). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--scaling_config))
- `self_managed_event_source` (Attributes) The self-managed Apache Kafka cluster to receive records from. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--self_managed_event_source))
- `self_managed_kafka_event_source_config` (Attributes) Specific configuration settings for a self-managed Apache Kafka event source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--self_managed_kafka_event_source_config))
- `source_access_configurations` (Attributes List) An array of authentication protocols or VPC components required to secure your event source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--source_access_configurations))
- `starting_position` (String) The position in a stream from which to start reading. Required for Amazon Kinesis, Amazon DynamoDB, and Amazon MSK Streams sources. AT_TIMESTAMP is supported only for Amazon Kinesis streams.
- `starting_position_timestamp` (String) With StartingPosition set to AT_TIMESTAMP, the time from which to start reading.
- `topics` (List of String) The name of the Kafka topic.
- `tumbling_window_in_seconds` (Number) (Streams only) The duration in seconds of a processing window. The range is between 1 second and 900 seconds.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--amazon_managed_kafka_event_source_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.amazon_managed_kafka_event_source_config`

Optional:

- `consumer_group_id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--destination_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.destination_config`

Optional:

- `on_failure` (Attributes) A destination for events that failed processing. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--destination_config--on_failure))
- `on_success` (Attributes) A destination for events that were processed successfully. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--destination_config--on_success))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--destination_config--on_failure"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.destination_config.on_failure`

Optional:

- `destination` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--destination_config--on_success"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.destination_config.on_success`

Optional:

- `destination` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--event_source_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.event_source_ref`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference another k8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--event_source_ref--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--event_source_ref--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.event_source_ref.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--filter_criteria"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.filter_criteria`

Optional:

- `filters` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--filter_criteria--filters))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--filter_criteria--filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.filter_criteria.filters`

Optional:

- `pattern` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--function_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.function_ref`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference another k8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--function_ref--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--function_ref--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.function_ref.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--queue_refs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.queue_refs`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) AWSResourceReference provides all the values necessary to reference another k8s resource for finding the identifier(Id/ARN/Name) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--queue_refs--from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--queue_refs--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.queue_refs.from`

Optional:

- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--scaling_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.scaling_config`

Optional:

- `maximum_concurrency` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--self_managed_event_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.self_managed_event_source`

Optional:

- `endpoints` (Map of List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--self_managed_kafka_event_source_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.self_managed_kafka_event_source_config`

Optional:

- `consumer_group_id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--source_access_configurations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.source_access_configurations`

Optional:

- `type_` (String)
- `u_ri` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_lambda_services_k8s_aws_event_source_mapping_v1alpha1/import.sh"}}
