---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_lb_lbconfig_carlosedp_com_external_load_balancer_v1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "lb.lbconfig.carlosedp.com"
description: |-
  ExternalLoadBalancer is the Schema for the externalloadbalancers API
---

# k8s_lb_lbconfig_carlosedp_com_external_load_balancer_v1 (Resource)

ExternalLoadBalancer is the Schema for the externalloadbalancers API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_lb_lbconfig_carlosedp_com_external_load_balancer_v1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) ExternalLoadBalancerSpec is the spec of a LoadBalancer instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `monitor` (Attributes) Monitor is the path and port to monitor the LoadBalancer members (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--monitor))
- `ports` (List of String) Ports is the ports exposed by this LoadBalancer instance
- `provider` (Attributes) Provider is the LoadBalancer backend provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider))
- `vip` (String) Vip is the Virtual IP configured in  this LoadBalancer instance

Optional:

- `nodelabels` (Map of String) NodeLabels are the node labels used for router sharding as an alternative to 'type'. Optional.
- `type` (String) Type is the node role type (master or infra) for the LoadBalancer instance

<a id="nestedatt--spec--monitor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.monitor`

Required:

- `monitortype` (String) MonitorType is the monitor parent type. <monitorType> must be one of 'http', 'https', 'icmp'.
- `path` (String) Path is the path URL to check for the pool members in the format '/healthz'
- `port` (Number) Port is the port this monitor should check the pool members

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name is the monitor name, it is set by the controller


<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider`

Required:

- `creds` (String) Creds is the credentials secret holding the 'username' and 'password' keys. Generate with: 'kubectl create secret generic <secret-name> --from-literal=username=<username> --from-literal=password=<password>'
- `host` (String) Host is the Load Balancer API IP or Hostname in URL format. Eg. 'http://10.25.10.10'.
- `port` (Number) Port is the Load Balancer API Port.
- `vendor` (String) Vendor is the backend provider vendor

Optional:

- `debug` (Boolean) Debug is a flag to enable debug on the backend log output. Defaults to false.
- `lbmethod` (String) Type is the Load-Balancing method. Defaults to 'round-robin'. Options are: ROUNDROBIN, LEASTCONNECTION, LEASTRESPONSETIME
- `partition` (String) Partition is the F5 partition to create the Load Balancer instances. Defaults to 'Common'. (F5 BigIP only)
- `validatecerts` (Boolean) ValidateCerts is a flag to validate or not the Load Balancer API certificate. Defaults to false.



<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_lb_lbconfig_carlosedp_com_external_load_balancer_v1/import.sh"}}
