---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_linkerd_io_service_profile_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "linkerd.io"
description: |-
  
---

# k8s_linkerd_io_service_profile_v1alpha1 (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_linkerd_io_service_profile_v1alpha1" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) Spec is the custom resource spec (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `routes` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes))

Optional:

- `dst_overrides` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--dst_overrides))
- `opaque_ports` (List of String)
- `retry_budget` (Attributes) RetryBudget describes the maximum number of retries that should be issued to this service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--retry_budget))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes`

Required:

- `condition` (Attributes) RequestMatch describes the conditions under which to match a Route. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--condition))
- `name` (String)

Optional:

- `is_retryable` (Boolean)
- `response_classes` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--response_classes))
- `timeout` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.condition`

Optional:

- `all` (List of Map of String)
- `any` (List of Map of String)
- `method` (String)
- `not` (List of Map of String)
- `path_regex` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--response_classes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.response_classes`

Required:

- `condition` (Attributes) ResponseMatch describes the conditions under which to classify a response. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--response_classes--condition))

Optional:

- `is_failure` (Boolean)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--response_classes--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.response_classes.is_failure`

Optional:

- `all` (List of Map of String)
- `any` (List of Map of String)
- `not` (List of Map of String)
- `status` (Attributes) Range describes a range of integers (e.g. status codes). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--response_classes--is_failure--status))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--response_classes--is_failure--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.response_classes.is_failure.status`

Optional:

- `max` (Number)
- `min` (Number)





<a id="nestedatt--spec--dst_overrides"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.dst_overrides`

Optional:

- `authority` (String)
- `weight` (Dynamic)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--retry_budget"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.retry_budget`

Required:

- `min_retries_per_second` (Number)
- `retry_ratio` (Number)
- `ttl` (String)


