---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_mattermost_com_cluster_installation_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "mattermost.com"
description: |-
  ClusterInstallation is the Schema for the clusterinstallations API
---

# k8s_mattermost_com_cluster_installation_v1alpha1 (Resource)

ClusterInstallation is the Schema for the clusterinstallations API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_mattermost_com_cluster_installation_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) Specification of the desired behavior of the Mattermost cluster. More info: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#spec-and-status (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `ingress_name` (String) IngressName defines the name to be used when creating the ingress rules

Optional:

- `affinity` (Attributes) If specified, affinity will define the pod's scheduling constraints (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity))
- `blue_green` (Attributes) BlueGreen defines the configuration of BlueGreen deployment for a ClusterInstallation (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--blue_green))
- `canary` (Attributes) Canary defines the configuration of Canary deployment for a ClusterInstallation (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--canary))
- `database` (Attributes) Database defines the database configuration for a ClusterInstallation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--database))
- `elastic_search` (Attributes) ElasticSearch defines the ElasticSearch configuration for a ClusterInstallation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--elastic_search))
- `image` (String) Image defines the ClusterInstallation Docker image.
- `image_pull_policy` (String) Specify deployment pull policy.
- `ingress_annotations` (Map of String)
- `liveness_probe` (Attributes) Defines the probe to check if the application is up and running. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--liveness_probe))
- `mattermost_env` (Attributes List) Optional environment variables to set in the Mattermost application pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mattermost_env))
- `mattermost_license_secret` (String) Secret that contains the mattermost license
- `migrate` (Boolean) Migrate specifies that the ClusterInstallation CR should be migrated to the Mattermost CR. CAUTION: Some features like BlueGreen or Canary are not supported with a new Custom Resource therefore migration should be performed with extra caution.
- `minio` (Attributes) Minio defines the configuration of Minio for a ClusterInstallation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--minio))
- `node_selector` (Map of String) NodeSelector is a selector which must be true for the pod to fit on a node. Selector which must match a node's labels for the pod to be scheduled on that node. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/assign-pod-node/
- `readiness_probe` (Attributes) Defines the probe to check if the application is ready to accept traffic. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--readiness_probe))
- `replicas` (Number) Replicas defines the number of replicas to use for the Mattermost app servers. Setting this will override the number of replicas set by 'Size'.
- `resource_labels` (Map of String)
- `resources` (Attributes) Defines the resource requests and limits for the Mattermost app server pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources))
- `service_annotations` (Map of String)
- `size` (String) Size defines the size of the ClusterInstallation. This is typically specified in number of users. This will override replica and resource requests/limits appropriately for the provided number of users. This is a write-only field - its value is erased after setting appropriate values of resources. Accepted values are: 100users, 1000users, 5000users, 10000users, 250000users. If replicas and resource requests/limits are not specified, and Size is not provided the configuration for 5000users will be applied. Setting 'Replicas', 'Resources', 'Minio.Replicas', 'Minio.Resource', 'Database.Replicas', or 'Database.Resources' will override the values set by Size. Setting new Size will override previous values regardless if set by Size or manually.
- `use_ingress_tls` (Boolean)
- `use_service_load_balancer` (Boolean)
- `version` (String) Version defines the ClusterInstallation Docker image version.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity`

Optional:

- `node_affinity` (Attributes) Describes node affinity scheduling rules for the pod. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity))
- `pod_affinity` (Attributes) Describes pod affinity scheduling rules (e.g. co-locate this pod in the same node, zone, etc. as some other pod(s)). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity))
- `pod_anti_affinity` (Attributes) Describes pod anti-affinity scheduling rules (e.g. avoid putting this pod in the same node, zone, etc. as some other pod(s)). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) The scheduler will prefer to schedule pods to nodes that satisfy the affinity expressions specified by this field, but it may choose a node that violates one or more of the expressions. The node that is most preferred is the one with the greatest sum of weights, i.e. for each node that meets all of the scheduling requirements (resource request, requiredDuringScheduling affinity expressions, etc.), compute a sum by iterating through the elements of this field and adding 'weight' to the sum if the node matches the corresponding matchExpressions; the node(s) with the highest sum are the most preferred. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes) If the affinity requirements specified by this field are not met at scheduling time, the pod will not be scheduled onto the node. If the affinity requirements specified by this field cease to be met at some point during pod execution (e.g. due to an update), the system may or may not try to eventually evict the pod from its node. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `preference` (Attributes) A node selector term, associated with the corresponding weight. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference))
- `weight` (Number) Weight associated with matching the corresponding nodeSelectorTerm, in the range 1-100.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.preference`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's labels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_expressions))
- `match_fields` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_fields))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.preference.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.preference.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `node_selector_terms` (Attributes List) Required. A list of node selector terms. The terms are ORed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's labels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_expressions))
- `match_fields` (Attributes List) A list of node selector requirements by node's fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_fields))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms.match_fields`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) Represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists, DoesNotExist. Gt, and Lt.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. If the operator is Gt or Lt, the values array must have a single element, which will be interpreted as an integer. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) The scheduler will prefer to schedule pods to nodes that satisfy the affinity expressions specified by this field, but it may choose a node that violates one or more of the expressions. The node that is most preferred is the one with the greatest sum of weights, i.e. for each node that meets all of the scheduling requirements (resource request, requiredDuringScheduling affinity expressions, etc.), compute a sum by iterating through the elements of this field and adding 'weight' to the sum if the node has pods which matches the corresponding podAffinityTerm; the node(s) with the highest sum are the most preferred. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) If the affinity requirements specified by this field are not met at scheduling time, the pod will not be scheduled onto the node. If the affinity requirements specified by this field cease to be met at some point during pod execution (e.g. due to a pod label update), the system may or may not try to eventually evict the pod from its node. When there are multiple elements, the lists of nodes corresponding to each podAffinityTerm are intersected, i.e. all terms must be satisfied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `pod_affinity_term` (Attributes) Required. A pod affinity term, associated with the corresponding weight. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term))
- `weight` (Number) weight associated with matching the corresponding podAffinityTerm, in the range 1-100.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matching the labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a node whose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of the selected pods is running. Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector))
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) A label query over the set of namespaces that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces selected by this field and the ones listed in the namespaces field. null selector and null or empty namespaces list means 'this pod's namespace'. An empty selector ({}) matches all namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies a static list of namespace names that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces listed in this field and the ones selected by namespaceSelector. null or empty namespaces list and null namespaceSelector means 'this pod's namespace'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespaces`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespaces--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespaces--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespaces.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespaces`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespaces--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespaces--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespaces.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matching the labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a node whose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of the selected pods is running. Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector))
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) A label query over the set of namespaces that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces selected by this field and the ones listed in the namespaces field. null selector and null or empty namespaces list means 'this pod's namespace'. An empty selector ({}) matches all namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies a static list of namespace names that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces listed in this field and the ones selected by namespaceSelector. null or empty namespaces list and null namespaceSelector means 'this pod's namespace'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespace_selector.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) The scheduler will prefer to schedule pods to nodes that satisfy the anti-affinity expressions specified by this field, but it may choose a node that violates one or more of the expressions. The node that is most preferred is the one with the greatest sum of weights, i.e. for each node that meets all of the scheduling requirements (resource request, requiredDuringScheduling anti-affinity expressions, etc.), compute a sum by iterating through the elements of this field and adding 'weight' to the sum if the node has pods which matches the corresponding podAffinityTerm; the node(s) with the highest sum are the most preferred. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (Attributes List) If the anti-affinity requirements specified by this field are not met at scheduling time, the pod will not be scheduled onto the node. If the anti-affinity requirements specified by this field cease to be met at some point during pod execution (e.g. due to a pod label update), the system may or may not try to eventually evict the pod from its node. When there are multiple elements, the lists of nodes corresponding to each podAffinityTerm are intersected, i.e. all terms must be satisfied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `pod_affinity_term` (Attributes) Required. A pod affinity term, associated with the corresponding weight. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term))
- `weight` (Number) weight associated with matching the corresponding podAffinityTerm, in the range 1-100.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matching the labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a node whose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of the selected pods is running. Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector))
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) A label query over the set of namespaces that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces selected by this field and the ones listed in the namespaces field. null selector and null or empty namespaces list means 'this pod's namespace'. An empty selector ({}) matches all namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies a static list of namespace names that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces listed in this field and the ones selected by namespaceSelector. null or empty namespaces list and null namespaceSelector means 'this pod's namespace'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespaces`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespaces--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespaces--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespaces.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespaces`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespaces--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term--namespaces--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.pod_affinity_term.namespaces.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Required:

- `topology_key` (String) This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matching the labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a node whose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of the selected pods is running. Empty topologyKey is not allowed.

Optional:

- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label query over a set of resources, in this case pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector))
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) A label query over the set of namespaces that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces selected by this field and the ones listed in the namespaces field. null selector and null or empty namespaces list means 'this pod's namespace'. An empty selector ({}) matches all namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) namespaces specifies a static list of namespace names that the term applies to. The term is applied to the union of the namespaces listed in this field and the ones selected by namespaceSelector. null or empty namespaces list and null namespaceSelector means 'this pod's namespace'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.label_selector.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.namespace_selector.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.






<a id="nestedatt--spec--blue_green"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.blue_green`

Optional:

- `blue` (Attributes) Blue defines the blue deployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--blue_green--blue))
- `enable` (Boolean) Enable defines if BlueGreen deployment will be applied.
- `green` (Attributes) Green defines the green deployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--blue_green--green))
- `production_deployment` (String) ProductionDeployment defines if the current production is blue or green.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--blue_green--blue"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.blue_green.blue`

Optional:

- `image` (String) Image defines the base Docker image that will be used for the deployment. Required when BlueGreen or Canary is enabled.
- `ingress_name` (String) IngressName defines the ingress name that will be used by the deployment. This option is not used for Canary builds.
- `name` (String) Name defines the name of the deployment
- `resource_labels` (Map of String)
- `version` (String) Version defines the Docker image version that will be used for the deployment. Required when BlueGreen or Canary is enabled.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--blue_green--green"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.blue_green.green`

Optional:

- `image` (String) Image defines the base Docker image that will be used for the deployment. Required when BlueGreen or Canary is enabled.
- `ingress_name` (String) IngressName defines the ingress name that will be used by the deployment. This option is not used for Canary builds.
- `name` (String) Name defines the name of the deployment
- `resource_labels` (Map of String)
- `version` (String) Version defines the Docker image version that will be used for the deployment. Required when BlueGreen or Canary is enabled.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--canary"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.canary`

Optional:

- `deployment` (Attributes) Deployment defines the canary deployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--canary--deployment))
- `enable` (Boolean) Enable defines if a canary build will be deployed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--canary--deployment"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.canary.deployment`

Optional:

- `image` (String) Image defines the base Docker image that will be used for the deployment. Required when BlueGreen or Canary is enabled.
- `ingress_name` (String) IngressName defines the ingress name that will be used by the deployment. This option is not used for Canary builds.
- `name` (String) Name defines the name of the deployment
- `resource_labels` (Map of String)
- `version` (String) Version defines the Docker image version that will be used for the deployment. Required when BlueGreen or Canary is enabled.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--database"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.database`

Optional:

- `backup_remote_delete_policy` (String) Defines the backup retention policy.
- `backup_restore_secret_name` (String) Defines the secret to be used when performing a database restore.
- `backup_schedule` (String) Defines the interval for backups in cron expression format.
- `backup_secret_name` (String) Defines the secret to be used for uploading/restoring backup.
- `backup_url` (String) Defines the object storage url for uploading backups.
- `init_bucket_url` (String) Defines the AWS S3 bucket where the Database Backup is stored. The operator will download the file to restore the data.
- `replicas` (Number) Defines the number of database replicas. For redundancy use at least 2 replicas. Setting this will override the number of replicas set by 'Size'.
- `resources` (Attributes) Defines the resource requests and limits for the database pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--database--resources))
- `secret` (String) Optionally enter the name of an already-existing Secret for connecting to the database. This secret should be configured as follows:  User-Managed Database   - Key: DB_CONNECTION_STRING | Value: <FULL_DATABASE_CONNECTION_STRING> Operator-Managed Database   - Key: ROOT_PASSWORD | Value: <ROOT_DATABASE_PASSWORD>   - Key: USER | Value: <USER_NAME>   - Key: PASSWORD | Value: <USER_PASSWORD>   - Key: DATABASE Value: <DATABASE_NAME>  Notes:   If you define all secret values for both User-Managed and   Operator-Managed database types, the User-Managed connection string will   take precedence and the Operator-Managed values will be ignored. If the   secret is left blank, the default behavior is to use an Operator-Managed   database with strong randomly-generated database credentials.
- `storage_size` (String) Defines the storage size for the database. ie 50Gi
- `type` (String) Defines the type of database to use for an Operator-Managed database. This value is ignored when using a User-Managed database.
- `version` (String) Defines the cluster version for the database to use

<a id="nestedatt--spec--database--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.database.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims, that are used by this container.  This is an alpha field and requires enabling the DynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.  This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--database--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--database--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.database.resources.requests`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims of the Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource available inside a container.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--elastic_search"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.elastic_search`

Optional:

- `host` (String)
- `password` (String)
- `username` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--liveness_probe"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.liveness_probe`

Optional:

- `exec` (Attributes) Exec specifies the action to take. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--liveness_probe--exec))
- `failure_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive failures for the probe to be considered failed after having succeeded. Defaults to 3. Minimum value is 1.
- `grpc` (Attributes) GRPC specifies an action involving a GRPC port. This is a beta field and requires enabling GRPCContainerProbe feature gate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--liveness_probe--grpc))
- `http_get` (Attributes) HTTPGet specifies the http request to perform. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--liveness_probe--http_get))
- `initial_delay_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds after the container has started before liveness probes are initiated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle#container-probes
- `period_seconds` (Number) How often (in seconds) to perform the probe. Default to 10 seconds. Minimum value is 1.
- `success_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive successes for the probe to be considered successful after having failed. Defaults to 1. Must be 1 for liveness and startup. Minimum value is 1.
- `tcp_socket` (Attributes) TCPSocket specifies an action involving a TCP port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--liveness_probe--tcp_socket))
- `termination_grace_period_seconds` (Number) Optional duration in seconds the pod needs to terminate gracefully upon probe failure. The grace period is the duration in seconds after the processes running in the pod are sent a termination signal and the time when the processes are forcibly halted with a kill signal. Set this value longer than the expected cleanup time for your process. If this value is nil, the pod's terminationGracePeriodSeconds will be used. Otherwise, this value overrides the value provided by the pod spec. Value must be non-negative integer. The value zero indicates stop immediately via the kill signal (no opportunity to shut down). This is a beta field and requires enabling ProbeTerminationGracePeriod feature gate. Minimum value is 1. spec.terminationGracePeriodSeconds is used if unset.
- `timeout_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds after which the probe times out. Defaults to 1 second. Minimum value is 1. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle#container-probes

<a id="nestedatt--spec--liveness_probe--exec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.liveness_probe.exec`

Optional:

- `command` (List of String) Command is the command line to execute inside the container, the working directory for the command  is root ('/') in the container's filesystem. The command is simply exec'd, it is not run inside a shell, so traditional shell instructions ('|', etc) won't work. To use a shell, you need to explicitly call out to that shell. Exit status of 0 is treated as live/healthy and non-zero is unhealthy.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--liveness_probe--grpc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.liveness_probe.grpc`

Required:

- `port` (Number) Port number of the gRPC service. Number must be in the range 1 to 65535.

Optional:

- `service` (String) Service is the name of the service to place in the gRPC HealthCheckRequest (see https://github.com/grpc/grpc/blob/master/doc/health-checking.md).  If this is not specified, the default behavior is defined by gRPC.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--liveness_probe--http_get"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.liveness_probe.http_get`

Required:

- `port` (String) Name or number of the port to access on the container. Number must be in the range 1 to 65535. Name must be an IANA_SVC_NAME.

Optional:

- `host` (String) Host name to connect to, defaults to the pod IP. You probably want to set 'Host' in httpHeaders instead.
- `http_headers` (Attributes List) Custom headers to set in the request. HTTP allows repeated headers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--liveness_probe--http_get--http_headers))
- `path` (String) Path to access on the HTTP server.
- `scheme` (String) Scheme to use for connecting to the host. Defaults to HTTP.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--liveness_probe--http_get--http_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.liveness_probe.http_get.scheme`

Required:

- `name` (String) The header field name
- `value` (String) The header field value



<a id="nestedatt--spec--liveness_probe--tcp_socket"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.liveness_probe.tcp_socket`

Required:

- `port` (String) Number or name of the port to access on the container. Number must be in the range 1 to 65535. Name must be an IANA_SVC_NAME.

Optional:

- `host` (String) Optional: Host name to connect to, defaults to the pod IP.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--mattermost_env"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mattermost_env`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the environment variable. Must be a C_IDENTIFIER.

Optional:

- `value` (String) Variable references $(VAR_NAME) are expanded using the previously defined environment variables in the container and any service environment variables. If a variable cannot be resolved, the reference in the input string will be unchanged. Double $$ are reduced to a single $, which allows for escaping the $(VAR_NAME) syntax: i.e. '$$(VAR_NAME)' will produce the string literal '$(VAR_NAME)'. Escaped references will never be expanded, regardless of whether the variable exists or not. Defaults to ''.
- `value_from` (Attributes) Source for the environment variable's value. Cannot be used if value is not empty. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mattermost_env--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--mattermost_env--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mattermost_env.value_from`

Optional:

- `config_map_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a ConfigMap. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mattermost_env--value_from--config_map_key_ref))
- `field_ref` (Attributes) Selects a field of the pod: supports metadata.name, metadata.namespace, 'metadata.labels['<KEY>']', 'metadata.annotations['<KEY>']', spec.nodeName, spec.serviceAccountName, status.hostIP, status.podIP, status.podIPs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mattermost_env--value_from--field_ref))
- `resource_field_ref` (Attributes) Selects a resource of the container: only resources limits and requests (limits.cpu, limits.memory, limits.ephemeral-storage, requests.cpu, requests.memory and requests.ephemeral-storage) are currently supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mattermost_env--value_from--resource_field_ref))
- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a secret in the pod's namespace (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--mattermost_env--value_from--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--mattermost_env--value_from--config_map_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mattermost_env.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key to select.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the ConfigMap or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--mattermost_env--value_from--field_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mattermost_env.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `field_path` (String) Path of the field to select in the specified API version.

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) Version of the schema the FieldPath is written in terms of, defaults to 'v1'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--mattermost_env--value_from--resource_field_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mattermost_env.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `resource` (String) Required: resource to select

Optional:

- `container_name` (String) Container name: required for volumes, optional for env vars
- `divisor` (String) Specifies the output format of the exposed resources, defaults to '1'


<a id="nestedatt--spec--mattermost_env--value_from--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.mattermost_env.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined




<a id="nestedatt--spec--minio"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.minio`

Optional:

- `external_bucket` (String) Set to the bucket name of your external MinIO or S3.
- `external_url` (String) Set to use an external MinIO deployment or S3. Must also set 'Secret' and 'ExternalBucket'.
- `replicas` (Number) Defines the number of Minio replicas. Supply 1 to run Minio in standalone mode with no redundancy. Supply 4 or more to run Minio in distributed mode. Note that it is not possible to upgrade Minio from standalone to distributed mode. Setting this will override the number of replicas set by 'Size'. More info: https://docs.min.io/docs/distributed-minio-quickstart-guide.html
- `resources` (Attributes) Defines the resource requests and limits for the Minio pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--minio--resources))
- `secret` (String) Optionally enter the name of already existing secret. Secret should have two values: 'accesskey' and 'secretkey'. Required when 'ExternalURL' is set.
- `storage_size` (String) Defines the storage size for Minio. ie 50Gi

<a id="nestedatt--spec--minio--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.minio.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims, that are used by this container.  This is an alpha field and requires enabling the DynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.  This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--minio--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--minio--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.minio.resources.requests`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims of the Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource available inside a container.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--readiness_probe"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.readiness_probe`

Optional:

- `exec` (Attributes) Exec specifies the action to take. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--readiness_probe--exec))
- `failure_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive failures for the probe to be considered failed after having succeeded. Defaults to 3. Minimum value is 1.
- `grpc` (Attributes) GRPC specifies an action involving a GRPC port. This is a beta field and requires enabling GRPCContainerProbe feature gate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--readiness_probe--grpc))
- `http_get` (Attributes) HTTPGet specifies the http request to perform. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--readiness_probe--http_get))
- `initial_delay_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds after the container has started before liveness probes are initiated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle#container-probes
- `period_seconds` (Number) How often (in seconds) to perform the probe. Default to 10 seconds. Minimum value is 1.
- `success_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive successes for the probe to be considered successful after having failed. Defaults to 1. Must be 1 for liveness and startup. Minimum value is 1.
- `tcp_socket` (Attributes) TCPSocket specifies an action involving a TCP port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--readiness_probe--tcp_socket))
- `termination_grace_period_seconds` (Number) Optional duration in seconds the pod needs to terminate gracefully upon probe failure. The grace period is the duration in seconds after the processes running in the pod are sent a termination signal and the time when the processes are forcibly halted with a kill signal. Set this value longer than the expected cleanup time for your process. If this value is nil, the pod's terminationGracePeriodSeconds will be used. Otherwise, this value overrides the value provided by the pod spec. Value must be non-negative integer. The value zero indicates stop immediately via the kill signal (no opportunity to shut down). This is a beta field and requires enabling ProbeTerminationGracePeriod feature gate. Minimum value is 1. spec.terminationGracePeriodSeconds is used if unset.
- `timeout_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds after which the probe times out. Defaults to 1 second. Minimum value is 1. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle#container-probes

<a id="nestedatt--spec--readiness_probe--exec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.readiness_probe.exec`

Optional:

- `command` (List of String) Command is the command line to execute inside the container, the working directory for the command  is root ('/') in the container's filesystem. The command is simply exec'd, it is not run inside a shell, so traditional shell instructions ('|', etc) won't work. To use a shell, you need to explicitly call out to that shell. Exit status of 0 is treated as live/healthy and non-zero is unhealthy.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--readiness_probe--grpc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.readiness_probe.grpc`

Required:

- `port` (Number) Port number of the gRPC service. Number must be in the range 1 to 65535.

Optional:

- `service` (String) Service is the name of the service to place in the gRPC HealthCheckRequest (see https://github.com/grpc/grpc/blob/master/doc/health-checking.md).  If this is not specified, the default behavior is defined by gRPC.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--readiness_probe--http_get"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.readiness_probe.http_get`

Required:

- `port` (String) Name or number of the port to access on the container. Number must be in the range 1 to 65535. Name must be an IANA_SVC_NAME.

Optional:

- `host` (String) Host name to connect to, defaults to the pod IP. You probably want to set 'Host' in httpHeaders instead.
- `http_headers` (Attributes List) Custom headers to set in the request. HTTP allows repeated headers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--readiness_probe--http_get--http_headers))
- `path` (String) Path to access on the HTTP server.
- `scheme` (String) Scheme to use for connecting to the host. Defaults to HTTP.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--readiness_probe--http_get--http_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.readiness_probe.http_get.scheme`

Required:

- `name` (String) The header field name
- `value` (String) The header field value



<a id="nestedatt--spec--readiness_probe--tcp_socket"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.readiness_probe.tcp_socket`

Required:

- `port` (String) Number or name of the port to access on the container. Number must be in the range 1 to 65535. Name must be an IANA_SVC_NAME.

Optional:

- `host` (String) Optional: Host name to connect to, defaults to the pod IP.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Attributes List) Claims lists the names of resources, defined in spec.resourceClaims, that are used by this container.  This is an alpha field and requires enabling the DynamicResourceAllocation feature gate.  This field is immutable. It can only be set for containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String) Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- `requests` (Map of String) Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources.claims`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name must match the name of one entry in pod.spec.resourceClaims of the Pod where this field is used. It makes that resource available inside a container.




<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_mattermost_com_cluster_installation_v1alpha1/import.sh"}}
