---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_metal3_io_hardware_data_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "metal3.io"
description: |-
  HardwareData is the Schema for the hardwaredata API
---

# k8s_metal3_io_hardware_data_v1alpha1 (Resource)

HardwareData is the Schema for the hardwaredata API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_metal3_io_hardware_data_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) HardwareDataSpec defines the desired state of HardwareData (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `hardware` (Attributes) The hardware discovered on the host during its inspection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--hardware))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--hardware"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.hardware`

Optional:

- `cpu` (Attributes) CPU describes one processor on the host. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--hardware--cpu))
- `firmware` (Attributes) Firmware describes the firmware on the host. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--hardware--firmware))
- `hostname` (String)
- `nics` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--hardware--nics))
- `ram_mebibytes` (Number)
- `storage` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--hardware--storage))
- `system_vendor` (Attributes) HardwareSystemVendor stores details about the whole hardware system. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--hardware--system_vendor))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--hardware--cpu"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.hardware.cpu`

Optional:

- `arch` (String)
- `clock_megahertz` (Number) ClockSpeed is a clock speed in MHz
- `count` (Number)
- `flags` (List of String)
- `model` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--hardware--firmware"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.hardware.firmware`

Optional:

- `bios` (Attributes) The BIOS for this firmware (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--hardware--firmware--bios))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--hardware--firmware--bios"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.hardware.firmware.bios`

Optional:

- `date` (String) The release/build date for this BIOS
- `vendor` (String) The vendor name for this BIOS
- `version` (String) The version of the BIOS



<a id="nestedatt--spec--hardware--nics"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.hardware.nics`

Optional:

- `ip` (String) The IP address of the interface. This will be an IPv4 or IPv6 address if one is present.  If both IPv4 and IPv6 addresses are present in a dual-stack environment, two nics will be output, one with each IP.
- `mac` (String) The device MAC address
- `model` (String) The vendor and product IDs of the NIC, e.g. '0x8086 0x1572'
- `name` (String) The name of the network interface, e.g. 'en0'
- `pxe` (Boolean) Whether the NIC is PXE Bootable
- `speed_gbps` (Number) The speed of the device in Gigabits per second
- `vlan_id` (Number) The untagged VLAN ID
- `vlans` (Attributes List) The VLANs available (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--hardware--nics--vlans))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--hardware--nics--vlans"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.hardware.nics.vlans`

Optional:

- `id` (Number) VLANID is a 12-bit 802.1Q VLAN identifier
- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--hardware--storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.hardware.storage`

Optional:

- `hctl` (String) The SCSI location of the device
- `model` (String) Hardware model
- `name` (String) The Linux device name of the disk, e.g. '/dev/sda'. Note that this may not be stable across reboots.
- `rotational` (Boolean) Whether this disk represents rotational storage. This field is not recommended for usage, please prefer using 'Type' field instead, this field will be deprecated eventually.
- `serial_number` (String) The serial number of the device
- `size_bytes` (Number) The size of the disk in Bytes
- `type` (String) Device type, one of: HDD, SSD, NVME.
- `vendor` (String) The name of the vendor of the device
- `wwn` (String) The WWN of the device
- `wwn_vendor_extension` (String) The WWN Vendor extension of the device
- `wwn_with_extension` (String) The WWN with the extension


<a id="nestedatt--spec--hardware--system_vendor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.hardware.system_vendor`

Optional:

- `manufacturer` (String)
- `product_name` (String)
- `serial_number` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_metal3_io_hardware_data_v1alpha1/import.sh"}}
