---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_metal3_io_bare_metal_host_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "metal3.io"
description: |-
  BareMetalHost is the Schema for the baremetalhosts API
---

# k8s_metal3_io_bare_metal_host_v1alpha1 (Resource)

BareMetalHost is the Schema for the baremetalhosts API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_metal3_io_bare_metal_host_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) BareMetalHostSpec defines the desired state of BareMetalHost (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `online` (Boolean) Should the server be online?

Optional:

- `architecture` (String) CPU architecture of the host, e.g. 'x86_64' or 'aarch64'. If unset, eventually populated by inspection.
- `automated_cleaning_mode` (String) When set to disabled, automated cleaning will be avoided during provisioning and deprovisioning.
- `bmc` (Attributes) How do we connect to the BMC? (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--bmc))
- `boot_mac_address` (String) Which MAC address will PXE boot? This is optional for some types, but required for libvirt VMs driven by vbmc.
- `boot_mode` (String) Select the method of initializing the hardware during boot. Defaults to UEFI.
- `consumer_ref` (Attributes) ConsumerRef can be used to store information about something that is using a host. When it is not empty, the host is considered 'in use'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--consumer_ref))
- `custom_deploy` (Attributes) A custom deploy procedure. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--custom_deploy))
- `description` (String) Description is a human-entered text used to help identify the host
- `externally_provisioned` (Boolean) ExternallyProvisioned means something else is managing the image running on the host and the operator should only manage the power status and hardware inventory inspection. If the Image field is filled in, this field is ignored.
- `firmware` (Attributes) BIOS configuration for bare metal server (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--firmware))
- `hardware_profile` (String) What is the name of the hardware profile for this host? It should only be necessary to set this when inspection cannot automatically determine the profile.
- `image` (Attributes) Image holds the details of the image to be provisioned. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--image))
- `meta_data` (Attributes) MetaData holds the reference to the Secret containing host metadata (e.g. meta_data.json) which is passed to the Config Drive. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--meta_data))
- `network_data` (Attributes) NetworkData holds the reference to the Secret containing network configuration (e.g content of network_data.json) which is passed to the Config Drive. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--network_data))
- `preprovisioning_network_data_name` (String) PreprovisioningNetworkDataName is the name of the Secret in the local namespace containing network configuration (e.g content of network_data.json) which is passed to the preprovisioning image, and to the Config Drive if not overridden by specifying NetworkData.
- `raid` (Attributes) RAID configuration for bare metal server (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--raid))
- `root_device_hints` (Attributes) Provide guidance about how to choose the device for the image being provisioned. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--root_device_hints))
- `taints` (Attributes List) Taints is the full, authoritative list of taints to apply to the corresponding Machine. This list will overwrite any modifications made to the Machine on an ongoing basis. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--taints))
- `user_data` (Attributes) UserData holds the reference to the Secret containing the user data to be passed to the host before it boots. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--user_data))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--bmc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.bmc`

Required:

- `address` (String) Address holds the URL for accessing the controller on the network.
- `credentials_name` (String) The name of the secret containing the BMC credentials (requires keys 'username' and 'password').

Optional:

- `disable_certificate_verification` (Boolean) DisableCertificateVerification disables verification of server certificates when using HTTPS to connect to the BMC. This is required when the server certificate is self-signed, but is insecure because it allows a man-in-the-middle to intercept the connection.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--consumer_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.consumer_ref`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.
- `field_path` (String) If referring to a piece of an object instead of an entire object, this string should contain a valid JSON/Go field access statement, such as desiredState.manifest.containers[2]. For example, if the object reference is to a container within a pod, this would take on a value like: 'spec.containers{name}' (where 'name' refers to the name of the container that triggered the event) or if no container name is specified 'spec.containers[2]' (container with index 2 in this pod). This syntax is chosen only to have some well-defined way of referencing a part of an object. TODO: this design is not final and this field is subject to change in the future.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/
- `resource_version` (String) Specific resourceVersion to which this reference is made, if any. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `uid` (String) UID of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#uids


<a id="nestedatt--spec--custom_deploy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.custom_deploy`

Required:

- `method` (String) Custom deploy method name. This name is specific to the deploy ramdisk used. If you don't have a custom deploy ramdisk, you shouldn't use CustomDeploy.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--firmware"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.firmware`

Optional:

- `simultaneous_multithreading_enabled` (Boolean) Allows a single physical processor core to appear as several logical processors. This supports following options: true, false.
- `sriov_enabled` (Boolean) SR-IOV support enables a hypervisor to create virtual instances of a PCI-express device, potentially increasing performance. This supports following options: true, false.
- `virtualization_enabled` (Boolean) Supports the virtualization of platform hardware. This supports following options: true, false.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--image"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.image`

Required:

- `url` (String) URL is a location of an image to deploy.

Optional:

- `checksum` (String) Checksum is the checksum for the image.
- `checksum_type` (String) ChecksumType is the checksum algorithm for the image. e.g md5, sha256, sha512
- `format` (String) DiskFormat contains the format of the image (raw, qcow2, ...). Needs to be set to raw for raw images streaming. Note live-iso means an iso referenced by the url will be live-booted and not deployed to disk, and in this case the checksum options are not required and if specified will be ignored.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--meta_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.meta_data`

Optional:

- `name` (String) name is unique within a namespace to reference a secret resource.
- `namespace` (String) namespace defines the space within which the secret name must be unique.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--network_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.network_data`

Optional:

- `name` (String) name is unique within a namespace to reference a secret resource.
- `namespace` (String) namespace defines the space within which the secret name must be unique.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--raid"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.raid`

Optional:

- `hardware_raid_volumes` (Attributes List) The list of logical disks for hardware RAID, if rootDeviceHints isn't used, first volume is root volume. You can set the value of this field to '[]' to clear all the hardware RAID configurations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--raid--hardware_raid_volumes))
- `software_raid_volumes` (Attributes List) The list of logical disks for software RAID, if rootDeviceHints isn't used, first volume is root volume. If HardwareRAIDVolumes is set this item will be invalid. The number of created Software RAID devices must be 1 or 2. If there is only one Software RAID device, it has to be a RAID-1. If there are two, the first one has to be a RAID-1, while the RAID level for the second one can be 0, 1, or 1+0. As the first RAID device will be the deployment device, enforcing a RAID-1 reduces the risk of ending up with a non-booting node in case of a disk failure. Software RAID will always be deleted. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--raid--software_raid_volumes))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--raid--hardware_raid_volumes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.raid.hardware_raid_volumes`

Required:

- `level` (String) RAID level for the logical disk. The following levels are supported: 0;1;2;5;6;1+0;5+0;6+0.

Optional:

- `controller` (String) The name of the RAID controller to use
- `name` (String) Name of the volume. Should be unique within the Node. If not specified, volume name will be auto-generated.
- `number_of_physical_disks` (Number) Integer, number of physical disks to use for the logical disk. Defaults to minimum number of disks required for the particular RAID level.
- `physical_disks` (List of String) Optional list of physical disk names to be used for the Hardware RAID volumes. The disk names are interpreted by the Hardware RAID controller, and the format is hardware specific.
- `rotational` (Boolean) Select disks with only rotational or solid-state storage
- `size_gibibytes` (Number) Size (Integer) of the logical disk to be created in GiB. If unspecified or set be 0, the maximum capacity of disk will be used for logical disk.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--raid--software_raid_volumes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.raid.software_raid_volumes`

Required:

- `level` (String) RAID level for the logical disk. The following levels are supported: 0;1;1+0.

Optional:

- `physical_disks` (Attributes List) A list of device hints, the number of items should be greater than or equal to 2. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--raid--software_raid_volumes--physical_disks))
- `size_gibibytes` (Number) Size (Integer) of the logical disk to be created in GiB. If unspecified or set be 0, the maximum capacity of disk will be used for logical disk.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--raid--software_raid_volumes--physical_disks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.raid.software_raid_volumes.size_gibibytes`

Optional:

- `device_name` (String) A Linux device name like '/dev/vda', or a by-path link to it like '/dev/disk/by-path/pci-0000:01:00.0-scsi-0:2:0:0'. The hint must match the actual value exactly.
- `hctl` (String) A SCSI bus address like 0:0:0:0. The hint must match the actual value exactly.
- `min_size_gigabytes` (Number) The minimum size of the device in Gigabytes.
- `model` (String) A vendor-specific device identifier. The hint can be a substring of the actual value.
- `rotational` (Boolean) True if the device should use spinning media, false otherwise.
- `serial_number` (String) Device serial number. The hint must match the actual value exactly.
- `vendor` (String) The name of the vendor or manufacturer of the device. The hint can be a substring of the actual value.
- `wwn` (String) Unique storage identifier. The hint must match the actual value exactly.
- `wwn_vendor_extension` (String) Unique vendor storage identifier. The hint must match the actual value exactly.
- `wwn_with_extension` (String) Unique storage identifier with the vendor extension appended. The hint must match the actual value exactly.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--root_device_hints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.root_device_hints`

Optional:

- `device_name` (String) A Linux device name like '/dev/vda', or a by-path link to it like '/dev/disk/by-path/pci-0000:01:00.0-scsi-0:2:0:0'. The hint must match the actual value exactly.
- `hctl` (String) A SCSI bus address like 0:0:0:0. The hint must match the actual value exactly.
- `min_size_gigabytes` (Number) The minimum size of the device in Gigabytes.
- `model` (String) A vendor-specific device identifier. The hint can be a substring of the actual value.
- `rotational` (Boolean) True if the device should use spinning media, false otherwise.
- `serial_number` (String) Device serial number. The hint must match the actual value exactly.
- `vendor` (String) The name of the vendor or manufacturer of the device. The hint can be a substring of the actual value.
- `wwn` (String) Unique storage identifier. The hint must match the actual value exactly.
- `wwn_vendor_extension` (String) Unique vendor storage identifier. The hint must match the actual value exactly.
- `wwn_with_extension` (String) Unique storage identifier with the vendor extension appended. The hint must match the actual value exactly.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--taints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.taints`

Required:

- `effect` (String) Required. The effect of the taint on pods that do not tolerate the taint. Valid effects are NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Required. The taint key to be applied to a node.

Optional:

- `time_added` (String) TimeAdded represents the time at which the taint was added. It is only written for NoExecute taints.
- `value` (String) The taint value corresponding to the taint key.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--user_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.user_data`

Optional:

- `name` (String) name is unique within a namespace to reference a secret resource.
- `namespace` (String) namespace defines the space within which the secret name must be unique.



<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_metal3_io_bare_metal_host_v1alpha1/import.sh"}}
