---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_monitoring_coreos_com_prometheus_rule_v1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "monitoring.coreos.com"
description: |-
  PrometheusRule defines recording and alerting rules for a Prometheus instance
---

# k8s_monitoring_coreos_com_prometheus_rule_v1 (Resource)

PrometheusRule defines recording and alerting rules for a Prometheus instance

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_monitoring_coreos_com_prometheus_rule_v1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) Specification of desired alerting rule definitions for Prometheus. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `groups` (Attributes List) Content of Prometheus rule file (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--groups))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.groups`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the rule group.

Optional:

- `interval` (String) Interval determines how often rules in the group are evaluated.
- `limit` (Number) Limit the number of alerts an alerting rule and series a recording rule can produce. Limit is supported starting with Prometheus >= 2.31 and Thanos Ruler >= 0.24.
- `partial_response_strategy` (String) PartialResponseStrategy is only used by ThanosRuler and will be ignored by Prometheus instances. More info: https://github.com/thanos-io/thanos/blob/main/docs/components/rule.md#partial-response
- `rules` (Attributes List) List of alerting and recording rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--groups--rules))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--groups--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.groups.rules`

Required:

- `expr` (String) PromQL expression to evaluate.

Optional:

- `alert` (String) Name of the alert. Must be a valid label value. Only one of 'record' and 'alert' must be set.
- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations to add to each alert. Only valid for alerting rules.
- `for` (String) Alerts are considered firing once they have been returned for this long.
- `keep_firing_for` (String) KeepFiringFor defines how long an alert will continue firing after the condition that triggered it has cleared.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to add or overwrite.
- `record` (String) Name of the time series to output to. Must be a valid metric name. Only one of 'record' and 'alert' must be set.




<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_monitoring_coreos_com_prometheus_rule_v1/import.sh"}}
