---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_mutations_gatekeeper_sh_assign_metadata_v1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "mutations.gatekeeper.sh"
description: |-
  AssignMetadata is the Schema for the assignmetadata API.
---

# k8s_mutations_gatekeeper_sh_assign_metadata_v1 (Resource)

AssignMetadata is the Schema for the assignmetadata API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_mutations_gatekeeper_sh_assign_metadata_v1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) AssignMetadataSpec defines the desired state of AssignMetadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `location` (String)
- `match` (Attributes) Match selects which objects are in scope. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--match))
- `parameters` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--parameters))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--match"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.match`

Optional:

- `excluded_namespaces` (List of String) ExcludedNamespaces is a list of namespace names. If defined, a constraint only applies to resources not in a listed namespace. ExcludedNamespaces also supports a prefix or suffix based glob.  For example, 'excludedNamespaces: [kube-*]' matches both 'kube-system' and 'kube-public', and 'excludedNamespaces: [*-system]' matches both 'kube-system' and 'gatekeeper-system'.
- `kinds` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--match--kinds))
- `label_selector` (Attributes) LabelSelector is the combination of two optional fields: 'matchLabels' and 'matchExpressions'.  These two fields provide different methods of selecting or excluding k8s objects based on the label keys and values included in object metadata.  All selection expressions from both sections are ANDed to determine if an object meets the cumulative requirements of the selector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--match--label_selector))
- `name` (String) Name is the name of an object.  If defined, it will match against objects with the specified name.  Name also supports a prefix or suffix glob.  For example, 'name: pod-*' would match both 'pod-a' and 'pod-b', and 'name: *-pod' would match both 'a-pod' and 'b-pod'.
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) NamespaceSelector is a label selector against an object's containing namespace or the object itself, if the object is a namespace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--match--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) Namespaces is a list of namespace names. If defined, a constraint only applies to resources in a listed namespace.  Namespaces also supports a prefix or suffix based glob.  For example, 'namespaces: [kube-*]' matches both 'kube-system' and 'kube-public', and 'namespaces: [*-system]' matches both 'kube-system' and 'gatekeeper-system'.
- `scope` (String) Scope determines if cluster-scoped and/or namespaced-scoped resources are matched.  Accepts '*', 'Cluster', or 'Namespaced'. (defaults to '*')
- `source` (String) Source determines whether generated or original resources are matched. Accepts 'Generated'|'Original'|'All' (defaults to 'All'). A value of 'Generated' will only match generated resources, while 'Original' will only match regular resources.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--match--kinds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.match.kinds`

Optional:

- `api_groups` (List of String) APIGroups is the API groups the resources belong to. '*' is all groups. If '*' is present, the length of the slice must be one. Required.
- `kinds` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--match--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.match.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--match--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--match--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.match.label_selector.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--match--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.match.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--match--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--match--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.match.namespace_selector.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.parameters`

Optional:

- `assign` (Attributes) Assign.value holds the value to be assigned (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--parameters--assign))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--parameters--assign"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.parameters.assign`

Optional:

- `external_data` (Attributes) ExternalData describes the external data provider to be used for mutation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--parameters--assign--external_data))
- `from_metadata` (Attributes) FromMetadata assigns a value from the specified metadata field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--parameters--assign--from_metadata))
- `value` (Map of String) Value is a constant value that will be assigned to 'location'

<a id="nestedatt--spec--parameters--assign--external_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.parameters.assign.value`

Optional:

- `data_source` (String) DataSource specifies where to extract the data that will be sent to the external data provider as parameters.
- `default` (String) Default specifies the default value to use when the external data provider returns an error and the failure policy is set to 'UseDefault'.
- `failure_policy` (String) FailurePolicy specifies the policy to apply when the external data provider returns an error.
- `provider` (String) Provider is the name of the external data provider.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--parameters--assign--from_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.parameters.assign.value`

Optional:

- `field` (String) Field specifies which metadata field provides the assigned value. Valid fields are 'namespace' and 'name'.





<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_mutations_gatekeeper_sh_assign_metadata_v1/import.sh"}}
