---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_mutations_gatekeeper_sh_assign_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "mutations.gatekeeper.sh/v1alpha1"
description: |-
  Assign is the Schema for the assign API.
---

# k8s_mutations_gatekeeper_sh_assign_v1alpha1 (Resource)

Assign is the Schema for the assign API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_mutations_gatekeeper_sh_assign_v1alpha1" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
  spec = {

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) AssignSpec defines the desired state of Assign. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `apply_to` (Attributes List) ApplyTo lists the specific groups, versions and kinds a mutation will be applied to. This is necessary because every mutation implies part of an object schema and object schemas are associated with specific GVKs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--apply_to))
- `location` (String) Location describes the path to be mutated, for example: 'spec.containers[name: main]'.
- `match` (Attributes) Match allows the user to limit which resources get mutated. Individual match criteria are AND-ed together. An undefined match criteria matches everything. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--match))
- `parameters` (Attributes) Parameters define the behavior of the mutator. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--parameters))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--apply_to"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.apply_to`

Optional:

- `groups` (List of String)
- `kinds` (List of String)
- `versions` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--match"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.match`

Optional:

- `excluded_namespaces` (List of String) ExcludedNamespaces is a list of namespace names. If defined, a constraint only applies to resources not in a listed namespace. ExcludedNamespaces also supports a prefix or suffix based glob.  For example, 'excludedNamespaces: [kube-*]' matches both 'kube-system' and 'kube-public', and 'excludedNamespaces: [*-system]' matches both 'kube-system' and 'gatekeeper-system'.
- `kinds` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--match--kinds))
- `label_selector` (Attributes) LabelSelector is the combination of two optional fields: 'matchLabels' and 'matchExpressions'.  These two fields provide different methods of selecting or excluding k8s objects based on the label keys and values included in object metadata.  All selection expressions from both sections are ANDed to determine if an object meets the cumulative requirements of the selector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--match--label_selector))
- `name` (String) Name is the name of an object.  If defined, it will match against objects with the specified name.  Name also supports a prefix or suffix glob.  For example, 'name: pod-*' would match both 'pod-a' and 'pod-b', and 'name: *-pod' would match both 'a-pod' and 'b-pod'.
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) NamespaceSelector is a label selector against an object's containing namespace or the object itself, if the object is a namespace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--match--namespace_selector))
- `namespaces` (List of String) Namespaces is a list of namespace names. If defined, a constraint only applies to resources in a listed namespace.  Namespaces also supports a prefix or suffix based glob.  For example, 'namespaces: [kube-*]' matches both 'kube-system' and 'kube-public', and 'namespaces: [*-system]' matches both 'kube-system' and 'gatekeeper-system'.
- `scope` (String) Scope determines if cluster-scoped and/or namespaced-scoped resources are matched.  Accepts '*', 'Cluster', or 'Namespaced'. (defaults to '*')

<a id="nestedatt--spec--match--kinds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.match.kinds`

Optional:

- `api_groups` (List of String) APIGroups is the API groups the resources belong to. '*' is all groups. If '*' is present, the length of the slice must be one. Required.
- `kinds` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--match--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.match.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--match--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--match--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.match.label_selector.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--match--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.match.namespace_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--match--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--match--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.match.namespace_selector.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.parameters`

Optional:

- `assign` (Attributes) Assign.value holds the value to be assigned (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--parameters--assign))
- `path_tests` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--parameters--path_tests))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--parameters--assign"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.parameters.assign`

Optional:

- `external_data` (Attributes) ExternalData describes the external data provider to be used for mutation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--parameters--assign--external_data))
- `from_metadata` (Attributes) FromMetadata assigns a value from the specified metadata field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--parameters--assign--from_metadata))
- `value` (Dynamic) Value is a constant value that will be assigned to 'location'

<a id="nestedatt--spec--parameters--assign--external_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.parameters.assign.value`

Optional:

- `data_source` (String) DataSource specifies where to extract the data that will be sent to the external data provider as parameters.
- `default` (String) Default specifies the default value to use when the external data provider returns an error and the failure policy is set to 'UseDefault'.
- `failure_policy` (String) FailurePolicy specifies the policy to apply when the external data provider returns an error.
- `provider` (String) Provider is the name of the external data provider.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--parameters--assign--from_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.parameters.assign.value`

Optional:

- `field` (String) Field specifies which metadata field provides the assigned value. Valid fields are 'namespace' and 'name'.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--parameters--path_tests"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.parameters.path_tests`

Optional:

- `condition` (String) Condition describes whether the path either MustExist or MustNotExist in the original object
- `sub_path` (String)


