---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_networking_istio_io_gateway_v1alpha3 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "networking.istio.io"
description: |-
  
---

# k8s_networking_istio_io_gateway_v1alpha3 (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_networking_istio_io_gateway_v1alpha3" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
  spec = {

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) Configuration affecting edge load balancer. See more details at: https://istio.io/docs/reference/config/networking/gateway.html (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `selector` (Map of String)
- `servers` (Attributes List) A list of server specifications. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--servers))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.servers`

Optional:

- `bind` (String)
- `default_endpoint` (String)
- `hosts` (List of String) One or more hosts exposed by this gateway.
- `name` (String) An optional name of the server, when set must be unique across all servers.
- `port` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--servers--port))
- `tls` (Attributes) Set of TLS related options that govern the server's behavior. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--servers--tls))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--servers--port"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.servers.port`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Label assigned to the port.
- `number` (Number) A valid non-negative integer port number.
- `protocol` (String) The protocol exposed on the port.
- `target_port` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--servers--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.servers.tls`

Optional:

- `ca_certificates` (String) REQUIRED if mode is 'MUTUAL'.
- `cipher_suites` (List of String) Optional: If specified, only support the specified cipher list.
- `credential_name` (String)
- `https_redirect` (Boolean)
- `max_protocol_version` (String) Optional: Maximum TLS protocol version.
- `min_protocol_version` (String) Optional: Minimum TLS protocol version.
- `mode` (String)
- `private_key` (String) REQUIRED if mode is 'SIMPLE' or 'MUTUAL'.
- `server_certificate` (String) REQUIRED if mode is 'SIMPLE' or 'MUTUAL'.
- `subject_alt_names` (List of String)
- `verify_certificate_hash` (List of String)
- `verify_certificate_spki` (List of String)


