---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_networking_istio_io_sidecar_v1beta1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "networking.istio.io/v1beta1"
description: |-
  
---

# k8s_networking_istio_io_sidecar_v1beta1 (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_networking_istio_io_sidecar_v1beta1" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
  spec = {

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) Configuration affecting network reachability of a sidecar. See more details at: https://istio.io/docs/reference/config/networking/sidecar.html (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `egress` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--egress))
- `ingress` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ingress))
- `outbound_traffic_policy` (Attributes) Configuration for the outbound traffic policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outbound_traffic_policy))
- `workload_selector` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--workload_selector))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--egress"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.egress`

Optional:

- `bind` (String)
- `capture_mode` (String)
- `hosts` (List of String)
- `port` (Attributes) The port associated with the listener. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--egress--port))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--egress--port"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.egress.port`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Label assigned to the port.
- `number` (Number) A valid non-negative integer port number.
- `protocol` (String) The protocol exposed on the port.
- `target_port` (Number)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--ingress"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ingress`

Optional:

- `bind` (String) The IP(IPv4 or IPv6) to which the listener should be bound.
- `capture_mode` (String)
- `default_endpoint` (String)
- `port` (Attributes) The port associated with the listener. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ingress--port))
- `tls` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ingress--tls))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--ingress--port"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ingress.port`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Label assigned to the port.
- `number` (Number) A valid non-negative integer port number.
- `protocol` (String) The protocol exposed on the port.
- `target_port` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--ingress--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ingress.tls`

Optional:

- `ca_certificates` (String) REQUIRED if mode is 'MUTUAL'.
- `cipher_suites` (List of String) Optional: If specified, only support the specified cipher list.
- `credential_name` (String)
- `https_redirect` (Boolean)
- `max_protocol_version` (String) Optional: Maximum TLS protocol version.
- `min_protocol_version` (String) Optional: Minimum TLS protocol version.
- `mode` (String)
- `private_key` (String) REQUIRED if mode is 'SIMPLE' or 'MUTUAL'.
- `server_certificate` (String) REQUIRED if mode is 'SIMPLE' or 'MUTUAL'.
- `subject_alt_names` (List of String)
- `verify_certificate_hash` (List of String)
- `verify_certificate_spki` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--outbound_traffic_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outbound_traffic_policy`

Optional:

- `egress_proxy` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outbound_traffic_policy--egress_proxy))
- `mode` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outbound_traffic_policy--egress_proxy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outbound_traffic_policy.egress_proxy`

Optional:

- `host` (String) The name of a service from the service registry.
- `port` (Attributes) Specifies the port on the host that is being addressed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--outbound_traffic_policy--egress_proxy--port))
- `subset` (String) The name of a subset within the service.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--outbound_traffic_policy--egress_proxy--port"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.outbound_traffic_policy.egress_proxy.subset`

Optional:

- `number` (Number)




<a id="nestedatt--spec--workload_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.workload_selector`

Optional:

- `labels` (Map of String)


