---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_networking_k8s_io_ingress_class_v1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "networking.k8s.io"
description: |-
  IngressClass represents the class of the Ingress, referenced by the Ingress Spec. The 'ingressclass.kubernetes.io/is-default-class' annotation can be used to indicate that an IngressClass should be considered default. When a single IngressClass resource has this annotation set to true, new Ingress resources without a class specified will be assigned this default class.
---

# k8s_networking_k8s_io_ingress_class_v1 (Resource)

IngressClass represents the class of the Ingress, referenced by the Ingress Spec. The 'ingressclass.kubernetes.io/is-default-class' annotation can be used to indicate that an IngressClass should be considered default. When a single IngressClass resource has this annotation set to true, new Ingress resources without a class specified will be assigned this default class.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_networking_k8s_io_ingress_class_v1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) IngressClassSpec provides information about the class of an Ingress. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `controller` (String) Controller refers to the name of the controller that should handle this class. This allows for different 'flavors' that are controlled by the same controller. For example, you may have different Parameters for the same implementing controller. This should be specified as a domain-prefixed path no more than 250 characters in length, e.g. 'acme.io/ingress-controller'. This field is immutable.
- `parameters` (Attributes) IngressClassParametersReference identifies an API object. This can be used to specify a cluster or namespace-scoped resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--parameters))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.parameters`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind is the type of resource being referenced.
- `name` (String) Name is the name of resource being referenced.

Optional:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup is the group for the resource being referenced. If APIGroup is not specified, the specified Kind must be in the core API group. For any other third-party types, APIGroup is required.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of the resource being referenced. This field is required when scope is set to 'Namespace' and must be unset when scope is set to 'Cluster'.
- `scope` (String) Scope represents if this refers to a cluster or namespace scoped resource. This may be set to 'Cluster' (default) or 'Namespace'.



<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_networking_k8s_io_ingress_class_v1/import.sh"}}
