---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_networking_istio_io_gateway_v1beta1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "networking.istio.io"
description: |-
  
---

# k8s_networking_istio_io_gateway_v1beta1 (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_networking_istio_io_gateway_v1beta1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) Configuration affecting edge load balancer. See more details at: https://istio.io/docs/reference/config/networking/gateway.html (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `selector` (Map of String)
- `servers` (Attributes List) A list of server specifications. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--servers))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.servers`

Optional:

- `bind` (String)
- `default_endpoint` (String)
- `hosts` (List of String) One or more hosts exposed by this gateway.
- `name` (String) An optional name of the server, when set must be unique across all servers.
- `port` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--servers--port))
- `tls` (Attributes) Set of TLS related options that govern the server's behavior. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--servers--tls))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--servers--port"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.servers.port`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Label assigned to the port.
- `number` (Number) A valid non-negative integer port number.
- `protocol` (String) The protocol exposed on the port.
- `target_port` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--servers--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.servers.tls`

Optional:

- `ca_certificates` (String) REQUIRED if mode is 'MUTUAL' or 'OPTIONAL_MUTUAL'.
- `cipher_suites` (List of String) Optional: If specified, only support the specified cipher list.
- `credential_name` (String)
- `https_redirect` (Boolean)
- `max_protocol_version` (String) Optional: Maximum TLS protocol version.
- `min_protocol_version` (String) Optional: Minimum TLS protocol version.
- `mode` (String)
- `private_key` (String) REQUIRED if mode is 'SIMPLE' or 'MUTUAL'.
- `server_certificate` (String) REQUIRED if mode is 'SIMPLE' or 'MUTUAL'.
- `subject_alt_names` (List of String)
- `verify_certificate_hash` (List of String)
- `verify_certificate_spki` (List of String)




<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_networking_istio_io_gateway_v1beta1/import.sh"}}
