---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_nfd_k8s_sigs_io_node_feature_rule_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "nfd.k8s-sigs.io"
description: |-
  NodeFeatureRule resource specifies a configuration for feature-based customization of node objects, such as node labeling.
---

# k8s_nfd_k8s_sigs_io_node_feature_rule_v1alpha1 (Resource)

NodeFeatureRule resource specifies a configuration for feature-based customization of node objects, such as node labeling.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_nfd_k8s_sigs_io_node_feature_rule_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) NodeFeatureRuleSpec describes a NodeFeatureRule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `rules` (Attributes List) Rules is a list of node customization rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rules))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the rule.

Optional:

- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to create if the rule matches.
- `labels_template` (String) LabelsTemplate specifies a template to expand for dynamically generating multiple labels. Data (after template expansion) must be keys with an optional value (<key>[=<value>]) separated by newlines.
- `match_any` (Attributes List) MatchAny specifies a list of matchers one of which must match. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rules--match_any))
- `match_features` (Attributes List) MatchFeatures specifies a set of matcher terms all of which must match. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rules--match_features))
- `vars` (Map of String) Vars is the variables to store if the rule matches. Variables do not directly inflict any changes in the node object. However, they can be referenced from other rules enabling more complex rule hierarchies, without exposing intermediary output values as labels.
- `vars_template` (String) VarsTemplate specifies a template to expand for dynamically generating multiple variables. Data (after template expansion) must be keys with an optional value (<key>[=<value>]) separated by newlines.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--rules--match_any"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.match_any`

Required:

- `match_features` (Attributes List) MatchFeatures specifies a set of matcher terms all of which must match. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rules--match_any--match_features))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--rules--match_any--match_features"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.match_any.match_features`

Required:

- `feature` (String)
- `match_expressions` (Attributes) MatchExpressionSet contains a set of MatchExpressions, each of which is evaluated against a set of input values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rules--match_any--match_features--match_expressions))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--rules--match_any--match_features--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.match_any.match_features.match_expressions`

Required:

- `op` (String) Op is the operator to be applied.

Optional:

- `value` (List of String) Value is the list of values that the operand evaluates the input against. Value should be empty if the operator is Exists, DoesNotExist, IsTrue or IsFalse. Value should contain exactly one element if the operator is Gt or Lt and exactly two elements if the operator is GtLt. In other cases Value should contain at least one element.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--rules--match_features"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.match_features`

Required:

- `feature` (String)
- `match_expressions` (Attributes) MatchExpressionSet contains a set of MatchExpressions, each of which is evaluated against a set of input values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--rules--match_features--match_expressions))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--rules--match_features--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules.match_features.match_expressions`

Required:

- `op` (String) Op is the operator to be applied.

Optional:

- `value` (List of String) Value is the list of values that the operand evaluates the input against. Value should be empty if the operator is Exists, DoesNotExist, IsTrue or IsFalse. Value should contain exactly one element if the operator is Gt or Lt and exactly two elements if the operator is GtLt. In other cases Value should contain at least one element.





<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_nfd_k8s_sigs_io_node_feature_rule_v1alpha1/import.sh"}}
