---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_notification_toolkit_fluxcd_io_alert_v1beta1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "notification.toolkit.fluxcd.io"
description: |-
  Alert is the Schema for the alerts API
---

# k8s_notification_toolkit_fluxcd_io_alert_v1beta1 (Resource)

Alert is the Schema for the alerts API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_notification_toolkit_fluxcd_io_alert_v1beta1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) AlertSpec defines an alerting rule for events involving a list of objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `event_sources` (Attributes List) Filter events based on the involved objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--event_sources))
- `provider_ref` (Attributes) Send events using this provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider_ref))

Optional:

- `event_severity` (String) Filter events based on severity, defaults to ('info'). If set to 'info' no events will be filtered.
- `exclusion_list` (List of String) A list of Golang regular expressions to be used for excluding messages.
- `summary` (String) Short description of the impact and affected cluster.
- `suspend` (Boolean) This flag tells the controller to suspend subsequent events dispatching. Defaults to false.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--event_sources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.event_sources`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent
- `match_labels` (Map of String) MatchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent


<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.



<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_notification_toolkit_fluxcd_io_alert_v1beta1/import.sh"}}
