---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_notification_toolkit_fluxcd_io_receiver_v1beta1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "notification.toolkit.fluxcd.io"
description: |-
  Receiver is the Schema for the receivers API
---

# k8s_notification_toolkit_fluxcd_io_receiver_v1beta1 (Resource)

Receiver is the Schema for the receivers API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_notification_toolkit_fluxcd_io_receiver_v1beta1" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
  spec = {
    type      = "generic"
    resources = []
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) ReceiverSpec defines the desired state of Receiver (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `resources` (Attributes List) A list of resources to be notified about changes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources))
- `type` (String) Type of webhook sender, used to determine the validation procedure and payload deserialization.

Optional:

- `events` (List of String) A list of events to handle, e.g. 'push' for GitHub or 'Push Hook' for GitLab.
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) Secret reference containing the token used to validate the payload authenticity (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--secret_ref))
- `suspend` (Boolean) This flag tells the controller to suspend subsequent events handling. Defaults to false.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent
- `match_labels` (Map of String) MatchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent


<a id="nestedatt--spec--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.secret_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.


