---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_notification_toolkit_fluxcd_io_receiver_v1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "notification.toolkit.fluxcd.io"
description: |-
  Receiver is the Schema for the receivers API.
---

# k8s_notification_toolkit_fluxcd_io_receiver_v1 (Resource)

Receiver is the Schema for the receivers API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_notification_toolkit_fluxcd_io_receiver_v1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) ReceiverSpec defines the desired state of the Receiver. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `resources` (Attributes List) A list of resources to be notified about changes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resources))
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) SecretRef specifies the Secret containing the token used to validate the payload authenticity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--secret_ref))
- `type` (String) Type of webhook sender, used to determine the validation procedure and payload deserialization.

Optional:

- `events` (List of String) Events specifies the list of event types to handle, e.g. 'push' for GitHub or 'Push Hook' for GitLab.
- `interval` (String) Interval at which to reconcile the Receiver with its Secret references.
- `suspend` (Boolean) Suspend tells the controller to suspend subsequent events handling for this receiver.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resources`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent
- `name` (String) Name of the referent If multiple resources are targeted '*' may be set.

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent
- `match_labels` (Map of String) MatchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed. MatchLabels requires the name to be set to '*'.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent


<a id="nestedatt--spec--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.secret_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.



<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_notification_toolkit_fluxcd_io_receiver_v1/import.sh"}}
