---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_pkg_crossplane_io_configuration_v1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "pkg.crossplane.io"
description: |-
  Configuration is the CRD type for a request to add a configuration to Crossplane.
---

# k8s_pkg_crossplane_io_configuration_v1 (Resource)

Configuration is the CRD type for a request to add a configuration to Crossplane.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_pkg_crossplane_io_configuration_v1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) ConfigurationSpec specifies details about a request to install a configuration to Crossplane. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `package` (String) Package is the name of the package that is being requested.

Optional:

- `common_labels` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize (scope and select) objects. May match selectors of replication controllers and services. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/labels
- `ignore_crossplane_constraints` (Boolean) IgnoreCrossplaneConstraints indicates to the package manager whether to honor Crossplane version constrains specified by the package. Default is false.
- `package_pull_policy` (String) PackagePullPolicy defines the pull policy for the package. Default is IfNotPresent.
- `package_pull_secrets` (Attributes List) PackagePullSecrets are named secrets in the same namespace that can be used to fetch packages from private registries. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--package_pull_secrets))
- `revision_activation_policy` (String) RevisionActivationPolicy specifies how the package controller should update from one revision to the next. Options are Automatic or Manual. Default is Automatic.
- `revision_history_limit` (Number) RevisionHistoryLimit dictates how the package controller cleans up old inactive package revisions. Defaults to 1. Can be disabled by explicitly setting to 0.
- `skip_dependency_resolution` (Boolean) SkipDependencyResolution indicates to the package manager whether to skip resolving dependencies for a package. Setting this value to true may have unintended consequences. Default is false.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--package_pull_secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.package_pull_secrets`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?



<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_pkg_crossplane_io_configuration_v1/import.sh"}}
