---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_pkg_crossplane_io_configuration_revision_v1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "pkg.crossplane.io"
description: |-
  A ConfigurationRevision that has been added to Crossplane.
---

# k8s_pkg_crossplane_io_configuration_revision_v1 (Resource)

A ConfigurationRevision that has been added to Crossplane.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_pkg_crossplane_io_configuration_revision_v1" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) PackageRevisionSpec specifies the desired state of a PackageRevision. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `desired_state` (String) DesiredState of the PackageRevision. Can be either Active or Inactive.
- `image` (String) Package image used by install Pod to extract package contents.
- `revision` (Number) Revision number. Indicates when the revision will be garbage collected based on the parent's RevisionHistoryLimit.

Optional:

- `controller_config_ref` (Attributes) ControllerConfigRef references a ControllerConfig resource that will be used to configure the packaged controller Deployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--controller_config_ref))
- `ignore_crossplane_constraints` (Boolean) IgnoreCrossplaneConstraints indicates to the package manager whether to honor Crossplane version constrains specified by the package. Default is false.
- `package_pull_policy` (String) PackagePullPolicy defines the pull policy for the package. It is also applied to any images pulled for the package, such as a provider's controller image. Default is IfNotPresent.
- `package_pull_secrets` (Attributes List) PackagePullSecrets are named secrets in the same namespace that can be used to fetch packages from private registries. They are also applied to any images pulled for the package, such as a provider's controller image. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--package_pull_secrets))
- `skip_dependency_resolution` (Boolean) SkipDependencyResolution indicates to the package manager whether to skip resolving dependencies for a package. Setting this value to true may have unintended consequences. Default is false.
- `webhook_tls_secret_name` (String) WebhookTLSSecretName is the name of the TLS Secret that will be used by the provider to serve a TLS-enabled webhook server. The certificate will be injected to webhook configurations as well as CRD conversion webhook strategy if needed. If it's not given, provider will not have a certificate mounted to its filesystem, webhook configurations won't be deployed and if there is a CRD with webhook conversion strategy, the installation will fail.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--controller_config_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.controller_config_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the ControllerConfig.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--package_pull_secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.package_pull_secrets`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?


