---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_policy_linkerd_io_server_authorization_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "policy.linkerd.io"
description: |-
  
---

# k8s_policy_linkerd_io_server_authorization_v1alpha1 (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_policy_linkerd_io_server_authorization_v1alpha1" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
  spec = {
    client = {}
    server = {}
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) Authorizes clients to communicate with Linkerd-proxied servers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `client` (Attributes) Describes clients authorized to access a server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--client))
- `server` (Attributes) Identifies servers in the same namespace for which this authorization applies.Only one of 'name' or 'selector' may be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--server))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--client"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.client`

Optional:

- `mesh_tls` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--client--mesh_tls))
- `networks` (Attributes List) Limits the client IP addresses to which this authorization applies. If unset, the server chooses a default (typically, all IPs or the cluster's pod network). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--client--networks))
- `unauthenticated` (Boolean) Authorizes unauthenticated clients to access a server.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--client--mesh_tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.client.mesh_tls`

Optional:

- `identities` (List of String) Authorizes clients with the provided proxy identity strings (as provided via MTLS)The '*' prefix can be used to match all identities in a domain. An identity string of '*' indicates that all authentication clients are authorized.
- `service_accounts` (Attributes List) Authorizes clients with the provided proxy identity service accounts (as provided via MTLS) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--client--mesh_tls--service_accounts))
- `unauthenticated_tls` (Boolean) Indicates that no client identity is required for communication.This is mostly important for the identity controller, which must terminate TLS connections from clients that do not yet have a certificate.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--client--mesh_tls--service_accounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.client.mesh_tls.unauthenticated_tls`

Required:

- `name` (String) The ServiceAccount's name.

Optional:

- `namespace` (String) The ServiceAccount's namespace. If unset, the authorization's namespace is used.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--client--networks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.client.networks`

Required:

- `cidr` (String)

Optional:

- `except` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.server`

Optional:

- `name` (String) References a 'Server' instance by name
- `selector` (Attributes) A label query over servers on which this authorization applies. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--server--selector))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--server--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.server.selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--server--selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Dynamic)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--server--selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.server.selector.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)

Optional:

- `values` (List of String)


