---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_policy_linkerd_io_authorization_policy_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "policy.linkerd.io/v1alpha1"
description: |-
  
---

# k8s_policy_linkerd_io_authorization_policy_v1alpha1 (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_policy_linkerd_io_authorization_policy_v1alpha1" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
  spec = {
    required_authentication_refs = []
    target_ref = {
      kind = "some-kind"
      name = "some-name"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) Authorizes clients to communicate with Linkerd-proxied server resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `required_authentication_refs` (Attributes List) RequiredAuthenticationRefs enumerates a set of required authentications. ALL authentications must be satisfied for the authorization to apply. If any of the referred objects cannot be found, the authorization will be ignored. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--required_authentication_refs))
- `target_ref` (Attributes) TargetRef references a resource to which the authorization policy applies. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--target_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--required_authentication_refs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.required_authentication_refs`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind is the kind of the referent.
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the referent.

Optional:

- `group` (String) Group is the group of the referent. When empty, the Kubernetes core API group is inferred.'
- `namespace` (String) Name is the name of the referent. When unspecified, this authentication refers to the local namespace.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--target_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.target_ref`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind is the kind of the referent.
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the referent.

Optional:

- `group` (String) Group is the group of the referent. When empty, the Kubernetes core API group is inferred.


