---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_rbac_authorization_k8s_io_role_v1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "rbac.authorization.k8s.io"
description: |-
  Role is a namespaced, logical grouping of PolicyRules that can be referenced as a unit by a RoleBinding.
---

# k8s_rbac_authorization_k8s_io_role_v1 (Resource)

Role is a namespaced, logical grouping of PolicyRules that can be referenced as a unit by a RoleBinding.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_rbac_authorization_k8s_io_role_v1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `rules` (Attributes List) Rules holds all the PolicyRules for this Role (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Required:

- `verbs` (List of String) Verbs is a list of Verbs that apply to ALL the ResourceKinds contained in this rule. '*' represents all verbs.

Optional:

- `api_groups` (List of String) APIGroups is the name of the APIGroup that contains the resources.  If multiple API groups are specified, any action requested against one of the enumerated resources in any API group will be allowed. '' represents the core API group and '*' represents all API groups.
- `non_resource_urls` (List of String) NonResourceURLs is a set of partial urls that a user should have access to.  *s are allowed, but only as the full, final step in the path Since non-resource URLs are not namespaced, this field is only applicable for ClusterRoles referenced from a ClusterRoleBinding. Rules can either apply to API resources (such as 'pods' or 'secrets') or non-resource URL paths (such as '/api'),  but not both.
- `resource_names` (List of String) ResourceNames is an optional white list of names that the rule applies to.  An empty set means that everything is allowed.
- `resources` (List of String) Resources is a list of resources this rule applies to. '*' represents all resources.


<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_rbac_authorization_k8s_io_role_v1/import.sh"}}
