---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_rbac_authorization_k8s_io_cluster_role_binding_v1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "rbac.authorization.k8s.io"
description: |-
  ClusterRoleBinding references a ClusterRole, but not contain it.  It can reference a ClusterRole in the global namespace, and adds who information via Subject.
---

# k8s_rbac_authorization_k8s_io_cluster_role_binding_v1 (Resource)

ClusterRoleBinding references a ClusterRole, but not contain it.  It can reference a ClusterRole in the global namespace, and adds who information via Subject.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_rbac_authorization_k8s_io_cluster_role_binding_v1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `role_ref` (Attributes) RoleRef contains information that points to the role being used (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--role_ref))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `subjects` (Attributes List) Subjects holds references to the objects the role applies to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subjects))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--role_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `role_ref`

Required:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup is the group for the resource being referenced
- `kind` (String) Kind is the type of resource being referenced
- `name` (String) Name is the name of resource being referenced


<a id="nestedatt--subjects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subjects`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind of object being referenced. Values defined by this API group are 'User', 'Group', and 'ServiceAccount'. If the Authorizer does not recognized the kind value, the Authorizer should report an error.
- `name` (String) Name of the object being referenced.

Optional:

- `api_group` (String) APIGroup holds the API group of the referenced subject. Defaults to '' for ServiceAccount subjects. Defaults to 'rbac.authorization.k8s.io' for User and Group subjects.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referenced object.  If the object kind is non-namespace, such as 'User' or 'Group', and this value is not empty the Authorizer should report an error.


<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_rbac_authorization_k8s_io_cluster_role_binding_v1/import.sh"}}
