---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_rds_services_k8s_aws_db_parameter_group_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "rds.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  DBParameterGroup is the Schema for the DBParameterGroups API
---

# k8s_rds_services_k8s_aws_db_parameter_group_v1alpha1 (Resource)

DBParameterGroup is the Schema for the DBParameterGroups API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_rds_services_k8s_aws_db_parameter_group_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) DBParameterGroupSpec defines the desired state of DBParameterGroup.  Contains the details of an Amazon RDS DB parameter group.  This data type is used as a response element in the DescribeDBParameterGroups action. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `description` (String) The description for the DB parameter group.
- `family` (String) The DB parameter group family name. A DB parameter group can be associated with one and only one DB parameter group family, and can be applied only to a DB instance running a database engine and engine version compatible with that DB parameter group family.  To list all of the available parameter group families for a DB engine, use the following command:  aws rds describe-db-engine-versions --query 'DBEngineVersions[].DBParameterGroupFamily' --engine <engine>  For example, to list all of the available parameter group families for the MySQL DB engine, use the following command:  aws rds describe-db-engine-versions --query 'DBEngineVersions[].DBParameterGroupFamily' --engine mysql  The output contains duplicates.  The following are the valid DB engine values:  * aurora (for MySQL 5.6-compatible Aurora)  * aurora-mysql (for MySQL 5.7-compatible and MySQL 8.0-compatible Aurora)  * aurora-postgresql  * mariadb  * mysql  * oracle-ee  * oracle-ee-cdb  * oracle-se2  * oracle-se2-cdb  * postgres  * sqlserver-ee  * sqlserver-se  * sqlserver-ex  * sqlserver-web
- `name` (String) The name of the DB parameter group.  Constraints:  * Must be 1 to 255 letters, numbers, or hyphens.  * First character must be a letter  * Can't end with a hyphen or contain two consecutive hyphens  This value is stored as a lowercase string.

Optional:

- `parameter_overrides` (Map of String) These are ONLY user-defined parameter overrides for the DB parameter group. This does not contain default or system parameters.
- `tags` (Attributes List) Tags to assign to the DB parameter group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_rds_services_k8s_aws_db_parameter_group_v1alpha1/import.sh"}}
