---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_rds_services_k8s_aws_db_cluster_parameter_group_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "rds.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  DBClusterParameterGroup is the Schema for the DBClusterParameterGroups API
---

# k8s_rds_services_k8s_aws_db_cluster_parameter_group_v1alpha1 (Resource)

DBClusterParameterGroup is the Schema for the DBClusterParameterGroups API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_rds_services_k8s_aws_db_cluster_parameter_group_v1alpha1" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) DBClusterParameterGroupSpec defines the desired state of DBClusterParameterGroup.  Contains the details of an Amazon RDS DB cluster parameter group.  This data type is used as a response element in the DescribeDBClusterParameterGroups action. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `description` (String) The description for the DB cluster parameter group.
- `family` (String) The DB cluster parameter group family name. A DB cluster parameter group can be associated with one and only one DB cluster parameter group family, and can be applied only to a DB cluster running a database engine and engine version compatible with that DB cluster parameter group family.  Aurora MySQL  Example: aurora5.6, aurora-mysql5.7, aurora-mysql8.0  Aurora PostgreSQL  Example: aurora-postgresql9.6  RDS for MySQL  Example: mysql8.0  RDS for PostgreSQL  Example: postgres12  To list all of the available parameter group families for a DB engine, use the following command:  aws rds describe-db-engine-versions --query 'DBEngineVersions[].DBParameterGroupFamily' --engine <engine>  For example, to list all of the available parameter group families for the Aurora PostgreSQL DB engine, use the following command:  aws rds describe-db-engine-versions --query 'DBEngineVersions[].DBParameterGroupFamily' --engine aurora-postgresql  The output contains duplicates.  The following are the valid DB engine values:  * aurora (for MySQL 5.6-compatible Aurora)  * aurora-mysql (for MySQL 5.7-compatible and MySQL 8.0-compatible Aurora)  * aurora-postgresql  * mysql  * postgres
- `name` (String) The name of the DB cluster parameter group.  Constraints:  * Must not match the name of an existing DB cluster parameter group.  This value is stored as a lowercase string.

Optional:

- `parameters` (Attributes List) A list of parameters in the DB cluster parameter group to modify.  Valid Values (for the application method): immediate | pending-reboot  You can use the immediate value with dynamic parameters only. You can use the pending-reboot value for both dynamic and static parameters.  When the application method is immediate, changes to dynamic parameters are applied immediately to the DB clusters associated with the parameter group. When the application method is pending-reboot, changes to dynamic and static parameters are applied after a reboot without failover to the DB clusters associated with the parameter group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--parameters))
- `tags` (Attributes List) Tags to assign to the DB cluster parameter group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.parameters`

Optional:

- `allowed_values` (String)
- `apply_method` (String)
- `apply_type` (String)
- `data_type` (String)
- `description` (String)
- `is_modifiable` (Boolean)
- `minimum_engine_version` (String)
- `parameter_name` (String)
- `parameter_value` (String)
- `source` (String)
- `supported_engine_modes` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


