---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_rds_services_k8s_aws_db_proxy_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "rds.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  DBProxy is the Schema for the DBProxies API
---

# k8s_rds_services_k8s_aws_db_proxy_v1alpha1 (Resource)

DBProxy is the Schema for the DBProxies API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_rds_services_k8s_aws_db_proxy_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) DBProxySpec defines the desired state of DBProxy.  The data structure representing a proxy managed by the RDS Proxy.  This data type is used as a response element in the DescribeDBProxies action. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `auth` (Attributes List) The authorization mechanism that the proxy uses. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--auth))
- `engine_family` (String) The kinds of databases that the proxy can connect to. This value determines which database network protocol the proxy recognizes when it interprets network traffic to and from the database. For Aurora MySQL, RDS for MariaDB, and RDS for MySQL databases, specify MYSQL. For Aurora PostgreSQL and RDS for PostgreSQL databases, specify POSTGRESQL. For RDS for Microsoft SQL Server, specify SQLSERVER.
- `name` (String) The identifier for the proxy. This name must be unique for all proxies owned by your Amazon Web Services account in the specified Amazon Web Services Region. An identifier must begin with a letter and must contain only ASCII letters, digits, and hyphens; it can't end with a hyphen or contain two consecutive hyphens.
- `role_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IAM role that the proxy uses to access secrets in Amazon Web Services Secrets Manager.
- `vpc_subnet_i_ds` (List of String) One or more VPC subnet IDs to associate with the new proxy.

Optional:

- `debug_logging` (Boolean) Whether the proxy includes detailed information about SQL statements in its logs. This information helps you to debug issues involving SQL behavior or the performance and scalability of the proxy connections. The debug information includes the text of SQL statements that you submit through the proxy. Thus, only enable this setting when needed for debugging, and only when you have security measures in place to safeguard any sensitive information that appears in the logs.
- `idle_client_timeout` (Number) The number of seconds that a connection to the proxy can be inactive before the proxy disconnects it. You can set this value higher or lower than the connection timeout limit for the associated database.
- `require_tls` (Boolean) A Boolean parameter that specifies whether Transport Layer Security (TLS) encryption is required for connections to the proxy. By enabling this setting, you can enforce encrypted TLS connections to the proxy.
- `tags` (Attributes List) An optional set of key-value pairs to associate arbitrary data of your choosing with the proxy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tags))
- `vpc_security_group_i_ds` (List of String) One or more VPC security group IDs to associate with the new proxy.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.auth`

Optional:

- `auth_scheme` (String)
- `client_password_auth_type` (String)
- `description` (String)
- `iam_auth` (String)
- `secret_arn` (String)
- `user_name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_rds_services_k8s_aws_db_proxy_v1alpha1/import.sh"}}
