---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_redhatcop_redhat_io_namespace_config_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "redhatcop.redhat.io"
description: |-
  NamespaceConfig is the Schema for the namespaceconfigs API
---

# k8s_redhatcop_redhat_io_namespace_config_v1alpha1 (Resource)

NamespaceConfig is the Schema for the namespaceconfigs API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_redhatcop_redhat_io_namespace_config_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) NamespaceConfigSpec defines the desired state of NamespaceConfig There are two selectors: 'labelSelector', 'annotationSelector'. Selectors are considered in AND, so if multiple are defined they must all be true for a Namespace to be selected. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `annotation_selector` (Attributes) AnnotationSelector selects Namespaces by annotation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--annotation_selector))
- `label_selector` (Attributes) LabelSelector selects Namespaces by label. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--label_selector))
- `templates` (Attributes List) Templates these are the templates of the resources to be created when a selected namespace is created/updated (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--templates))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--annotation_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.annotation_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--annotation_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--annotation_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.annotation_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.label_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--templates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.templates`

Required:

- `object_template` (String) ObjectTemplate is a goland template. Whne processed, it must resolve to a yaml representation of an API resource

Optional:

- `excluded_paths` (List of String) ExludedPaths are a set of json paths that need not be considered by the LockedResourceReconciler



<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_redhatcop_redhat_io_namespace_config_v1alpha1/import.sh"}}
