---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_resources_teleport_dev_teleport_user_v2 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "resources.teleport.dev"
description: |-
  User is the Schema for the users API
---

# k8s_resources_teleport_dev_teleport_user_v2 (Resource)

User is the Schema for the users API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_resources_teleport_dev_teleport_user_v2" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) User resource definition v2 from Teleport (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `github_identities` (Attributes List) GithubIdentities list associated Github OAuth2 identities that let user log in using externally verified identity (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--github_identities))
- `oidc_identities` (Attributes List) OIDCIdentities lists associated OpenID Connect identities that let user log in using externally verified identity (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--oidc_identities))
- `roles` (List of String) Roles is a list of roles assigned to user
- `saml_identities` (Attributes List) SAMLIdentities lists associated SAML identities that let user log in using externally verified identity (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--saml_identities))
- `traits` (Map of List of String) Traits are key/value pairs received from an identity provider (through OIDC claims or SAML assertions) or from a system administrator for local accounts. Traits are used to populate role variables.
- `trusted_device_ids` (List of String) TrustedDeviceIDs contains the IDs of trusted devices enrolled by the user. Managed by the Device Trust subsystem, avoid manual edits.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--github_identities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.github_identities`

Optional:

- `connector_id` (String) ConnectorID is id of registered OIDC connector, e.g. 'google-example.com'
- `username` (String) Username is username supplied by external identity provider


<a id="nestedatt--spec--oidc_identities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.oidc_identities`

Optional:

- `connector_id` (String) ConnectorID is id of registered OIDC connector, e.g. 'google-example.com'
- `username` (String) Username is username supplied by external identity provider


<a id="nestedatt--spec--saml_identities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.saml_identities`

Optional:

- `connector_id` (String) ConnectorID is id of registered OIDC connector, e.g. 'google-example.com'
- `username` (String) Username is username supplied by external identity provider



<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_resources_teleport_dev_teleport_user_v2/import.sh"}}
