---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_sagemaker_services_k8s_aws_domain_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "sagemaker.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  Domain is the Schema for the Domains API
---

# k8s_sagemaker_services_k8s_aws_domain_v1alpha1 (Resource)

Domain is the Schema for the Domains API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_sagemaker_services_k8s_aws_domain_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) DomainSpec defines the desired state of Domain. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `auth_mode` (String) The mode of authentication that members use to access the domain.
- `default_user_settings` (Attributes) The default settings to use to create a user profile when UserSettings isn't specified in the call to the CreateUserProfile API.  SecurityGroups is aggregated when specified in both calls. For all other settings in UserSettings, the values specified in CreateUserProfile take precedence over those specified in CreateDomain. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--default_user_settings))
- `domain_name` (String) A name for the domain.
- `subnet_i_ds` (List of String) The VPC subnets that Studio uses for communication.
- `vpc_id` (String) The ID of the Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) that Studio uses for communication.

Optional:

- `app_network_access_type` (String) Specifies the VPC used for non-EFS traffic. The default value is PublicInternetOnly.  * PublicInternetOnly - Non-EFS traffic is through a VPC managed by Amazon SageMaker, which allows direct internet access  * VpcOnly - All Studio traffic is through the specified VPC and subnets
- `app_security_group_management` (String) The entity that creates and manages the required security groups for inter-app communication in VPCOnly mode. Required when CreateDomain.AppNetworkAccessType is VPCOnly and DomainSettings.RStudioServerProDomainSettings.DomainExecutionRoleArn is provided.
- `domain_settings` (Attributes) A collection of Domain settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--domain_settings))
- `home_efs_file_system_kms_key_id` (String) Use KmsKeyId.
- `kms_key_id` (String) SageMaker uses Amazon Web Services KMS to encrypt the EFS volume attached to the domain with an Amazon Web Services managed key by default. For more control, specify a customer managed key.
- `tags` (Attributes List) Tags to associated with the Domain. Each tag consists of a key and an optional value. Tag keys must be unique per resource. Tags are searchable using the Search API.  Tags that you specify for the Domain are also added to all Apps that the Domain launches. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--default_user_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.default_user_settings`

Optional:

- `execution_role` (String)
- `jupyter_server_app_settings` (Attributes) The JupyterServer app settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--default_user_settings--jupyter_server_app_settings))
- `kernel_gateway_app_settings` (Attributes) The KernelGateway app settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--default_user_settings--kernel_gateway_app_settings))
- `r_studio_server_pro_app_settings` (Attributes) A collection of settings that configure user interaction with the RStudioServerPro app. RStudioServerProAppSettings cannot be updated. The RStudioServerPro app must be deleted and a new one created to make any changes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--default_user_settings--r_studio_server_pro_app_settings))
- `security_groups` (List of String)
- `sharing_settings` (Attributes) Specifies options for sharing SageMaker Studio notebooks. These settings are specified as part of DefaultUserSettings when the CreateDomain API is called, and as part of UserSettings when the CreateUserProfile API is called. When SharingSettings is not specified, notebook sharing isn't allowed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--default_user_settings--sharing_settings))
- `tensor_board_app_settings` (Attributes) The TensorBoard app settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--default_user_settings--tensor_board_app_settings))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--default_user_settings--jupyter_server_app_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.default_user_settings.jupyter_server_app_settings`

Optional:

- `default_resource_spec` (Attributes) Specifies the ARN's of a SageMaker image and SageMaker image version, and the instance type that the version runs on. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--default_user_settings--jupyter_server_app_settings--default_resource_spec))
- `lifecycle_config_ar_ns` (List of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--default_user_settings--jupyter_server_app_settings--default_resource_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.default_user_settings.jupyter_server_app_settings.lifecycle_config_ar_ns`

Optional:

- `instance_type` (String)
- `lifecycle_config_arn` (String)
- `sage_maker_image_arn` (String)
- `sage_maker_image_version_arn` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--default_user_settings--kernel_gateway_app_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.default_user_settings.kernel_gateway_app_settings`

Optional:

- `custom_images` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--default_user_settings--kernel_gateway_app_settings--custom_images))
- `default_resource_spec` (Attributes) Specifies the ARN's of a SageMaker image and SageMaker image version, and the instance type that the version runs on. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--default_user_settings--kernel_gateway_app_settings--default_resource_spec))
- `lifecycle_config_ar_ns` (List of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--default_user_settings--kernel_gateway_app_settings--custom_images"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.default_user_settings.kernel_gateway_app_settings.lifecycle_config_ar_ns`

Optional:

- `app_image_config_name` (String)
- `image_name` (String)
- `image_version_number` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--default_user_settings--kernel_gateway_app_settings--default_resource_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.default_user_settings.kernel_gateway_app_settings.lifecycle_config_ar_ns`

Optional:

- `instance_type` (String)
- `lifecycle_config_arn` (String)
- `sage_maker_image_arn` (String)
- `sage_maker_image_version_arn` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--default_user_settings--r_studio_server_pro_app_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.default_user_settings.r_studio_server_pro_app_settings`

Optional:

- `access_status` (String)
- `user_group` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--default_user_settings--sharing_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.default_user_settings.sharing_settings`

Optional:

- `notebook_output_option` (String)
- `s3_kms_key_id` (String)
- `s3_output_path` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--default_user_settings--tensor_board_app_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.default_user_settings.tensor_board_app_settings`

Optional:

- `default_resource_spec` (Attributes) Specifies the ARN's of a SageMaker image and SageMaker image version, and the instance type that the version runs on. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--default_user_settings--tensor_board_app_settings--default_resource_spec))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--default_user_settings--tensor_board_app_settings--default_resource_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.default_user_settings.tensor_board_app_settings.default_resource_spec`

Optional:

- `instance_type` (String)
- `lifecycle_config_arn` (String)
- `sage_maker_image_arn` (String)
- `sage_maker_image_version_arn` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--spec--domain_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.domain_settings`

Optional:

- `r_studio_server_pro_domain_settings` (Attributes) A collection of settings that configure the RStudioServerPro Domain-level app. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--domain_settings--r_studio_server_pro_domain_settings))
- `security_group_i_ds` (List of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--domain_settings--r_studio_server_pro_domain_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.domain_settings.r_studio_server_pro_domain_settings`

Optional:

- `default_resource_spec` (Attributes) Specifies the ARN's of a SageMaker image and SageMaker image version, and the instance type that the version runs on. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--domain_settings--r_studio_server_pro_domain_settings--default_resource_spec))
- `domain_execution_role_arn` (String)
- `r_studio_connect_url` (String)
- `r_studio_package_manager_url` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--domain_settings--r_studio_server_pro_domain_settings--default_resource_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.domain_settings.r_studio_server_pro_domain_settings.r_studio_package_manager_url`

Optional:

- `instance_type` (String)
- `lifecycle_config_arn` (String)
- `sage_maker_image_arn` (String)
- `sage_maker_image_version_arn` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--spec--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_sagemaker_services_k8s_aws_domain_v1alpha1/import.sh"}}
