---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_sagemaker_services_k8s_aws_app_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "sagemaker.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  App is the Schema for the Apps API
---

# k8s_sagemaker_services_k8s_aws_app_v1alpha1 (Resource)

App is the Schema for the Apps API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_sagemaker_services_k8s_aws_app_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) AppSpec defines the desired state of App. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `app_name` (String) The name of the app.
- `app_type` (String) The type of app.
- `domain_id` (String) The domain ID.

Optional:

- `resource_spec` (Attributes) The instance type and the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the SageMaker image created on the instance.  The value of InstanceType passed as part of the ResourceSpec in the CreateApp call overrides the value passed as part of the ResourceSpec configured for the user profile or the domain. If InstanceType is not specified in any of those three ResourceSpec values for a KernelGateway app, the CreateApp call fails with a request validation error. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resource_spec))
- `tags` (Attributes List) Each tag consists of a key and an optional value. Tag keys must be unique per resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tags))
- `user_profile_name` (String) The user profile name. If this value is not set, then SpaceName must be set.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resource_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resource_spec`

Optional:

- `instance_type` (String)
- `lifecycle_config_arn` (String)
- `sage_maker_image_arn` (String)
- `sage_maker_image_version_arn` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_sagemaker_services_k8s_aws_app_v1alpha1/import.sh"}}
