---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_sagemaker_services_k8s_aws_endpoint_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "sagemaker.services.k8s.aws/v1alpha1"
description: |-
  Endpoint is the Schema for the Endpoints API
---

# k8s_sagemaker_services_k8s_aws_endpoint_v1alpha1 (Resource)

Endpoint is the Schema for the Endpoints API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_sagemaker_services_k8s_aws_endpoint_v1alpha1" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) EndpointSpec defines the desired state of Endpoint.  A hosted endpoint for real-time inference. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `endpoint_config_name` (String) The name of an endpoint configuration. For more information, see CreateEndpointConfig.
- `endpoint_name` (String) The name of the endpoint.The name must be unique within an Amazon Web Services Region in your Amazon Web Services account. The name is case-insensitive in CreateEndpoint, but the case is preserved and must be matched in .

Optional:

- `tags` (Attributes List) An array of key-value pairs. You can use tags to categorize your Amazon Web Services resources in different ways, for example, by purpose, owner, or environment. For more information, see Tagging Amazon Web Services Resources (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/aws_tagging.html). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


