---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_sagemaker_services_k8s_aws_user_profile_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "sagemaker.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  UserProfile is the Schema for the UserProfiles API
---

# k8s_sagemaker_services_k8s_aws_user_profile_v1alpha1 (Resource)

UserProfile is the Schema for the UserProfiles API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_sagemaker_services_k8s_aws_user_profile_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) UserProfileSpec defines the desired state of UserProfile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `domain_id` (String) The ID of the associated Domain.
- `user_profile_name` (String) A name for the UserProfile. This value is not case sensitive.

Optional:

- `single_sign_on_user_identifier` (String) A specifier for the type of value specified in SingleSignOnUserValue. Currently, the only supported value is 'UserName'. If the Domain's AuthMode is IAM Identity Center, this field is required. If the Domain's AuthMode is not IAM Identity Center, this field cannot be specified.
- `single_sign_on_user_value` (String) The username of the associated Amazon Web Services Single Sign-On User for this UserProfile. If the Domain's AuthMode is IAM Identity Center, this field is required, and must match a valid username of a user in your directory. If the Domain's AuthMode is not IAM Identity Center, this field cannot be specified.
- `tags` (Attributes List) Each tag consists of a key and an optional value. Tag keys must be unique per resource.  Tags that you specify for the User Profile are also added to all Apps that the User Profile launches. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tags))
- `user_settings` (Attributes) A collection of settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--user_settings))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--user_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.user_settings`

Optional:

- `execution_role` (String)
- `jupyter_server_app_settings` (Attributes) The JupyterServer app settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--user_settings--jupyter_server_app_settings))
- `kernel_gateway_app_settings` (Attributes) The KernelGateway app settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--user_settings--kernel_gateway_app_settings))
- `r_studio_server_pro_app_settings` (Attributes) A collection of settings that configure user interaction with the RStudioServerPro app. RStudioServerProAppSettings cannot be updated. The RStudioServerPro app must be deleted and a new one created to make any changes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--user_settings--r_studio_server_pro_app_settings))
- `security_groups` (List of String)
- `sharing_settings` (Attributes) Specifies options for sharing SageMaker Studio notebooks. These settings are specified as part of DefaultUserSettings when the CreateDomain API is called, and as part of UserSettings when the CreateUserProfile API is called. When SharingSettings is not specified, notebook sharing isn't allowed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--user_settings--sharing_settings))
- `tensor_board_app_settings` (Attributes) The TensorBoard app settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--user_settings--tensor_board_app_settings))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--user_settings--jupyter_server_app_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.user_settings.jupyter_server_app_settings`

Optional:

- `default_resource_spec` (Attributes) Specifies the ARN's of a SageMaker image and SageMaker image version, and the instance type that the version runs on. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--user_settings--jupyter_server_app_settings--default_resource_spec))
- `lifecycle_config_ar_ns` (List of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--user_settings--jupyter_server_app_settings--default_resource_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.user_settings.jupyter_server_app_settings.lifecycle_config_ar_ns`

Optional:

- `instance_type` (String)
- `lifecycle_config_arn` (String)
- `sage_maker_image_arn` (String)
- `sage_maker_image_version_arn` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--user_settings--kernel_gateway_app_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.user_settings.kernel_gateway_app_settings`

Optional:

- `custom_images` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--user_settings--kernel_gateway_app_settings--custom_images))
- `default_resource_spec` (Attributes) Specifies the ARN's of a SageMaker image and SageMaker image version, and the instance type that the version runs on. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--user_settings--kernel_gateway_app_settings--default_resource_spec))
- `lifecycle_config_ar_ns` (List of String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--user_settings--kernel_gateway_app_settings--custom_images"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.user_settings.kernel_gateway_app_settings.lifecycle_config_ar_ns`

Optional:

- `app_image_config_name` (String)
- `image_name` (String)
- `image_version_number` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--user_settings--kernel_gateway_app_settings--default_resource_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.user_settings.kernel_gateway_app_settings.lifecycle_config_ar_ns`

Optional:

- `instance_type` (String)
- `lifecycle_config_arn` (String)
- `sage_maker_image_arn` (String)
- `sage_maker_image_version_arn` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--user_settings--r_studio_server_pro_app_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.user_settings.r_studio_server_pro_app_settings`

Optional:

- `access_status` (String)
- `user_group` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--user_settings--sharing_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.user_settings.sharing_settings`

Optional:

- `notebook_output_option` (String)
- `s3_kms_key_id` (String)
- `s3_output_path` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--user_settings--tensor_board_app_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.user_settings.tensor_board_app_settings`

Optional:

- `default_resource_spec` (Attributes) Specifies the ARN's of a SageMaker image and SageMaker image version, and the instance type that the version runs on. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--user_settings--tensor_board_app_settings--default_resource_spec))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--user_settings--tensor_board_app_settings--default_resource_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.user_settings.tensor_board_app_settings.default_resource_spec`

Optional:

- `instance_type` (String)
- `lifecycle_config_arn` (String)
- `sage_maker_image_arn` (String)
- `sage_maker_image_version_arn` (String)





<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_sagemaker_services_k8s_aws_user_profile_v1alpha1/import.sh"}}
