---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_sagemaker_services_k8s_aws_notebook_instance_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "sagemaker.services.k8s.aws/v1alpha1"
description: |-
  NotebookInstance is the Schema for the NotebookInstances API
---

# k8s_sagemaker_services_k8s_aws_notebook_instance_v1alpha1 (Resource)

NotebookInstance is the Schema for the NotebookInstances API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_sagemaker_services_k8s_aws_notebook_instance_v1alpha1" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) NotebookInstanceSpec defines the desired state of NotebookInstance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `instance_type` (String) The type of ML compute instance to launch for the notebook instance.
- `notebook_instance_name` (String) The name of the new notebook instance.
- `role_arn` (String) When you send any requests to Amazon Web Services resources from the notebook instance, SageMaker assumes this role to perform tasks on your behalf. You must grant this role necessary permissions so SageMaker can perform these tasks. The policy must allow the SageMaker service principal (sagemaker.amazonaws.com) permissions to assume this role. For more information, see SageMaker Roles (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/sagemaker-roles.html).  To be able to pass this role to SageMaker, the caller of this API must have the iam:PassRole permission.

Optional:

- `accelerator_types` (List of String) A list of Elastic Inference (EI) instance types to associate with this notebook instance. Currently, only one instance type can be associated with a notebook instance. For more information, see Using Elastic Inference in Amazon SageMaker (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/ei.html).
- `additional_code_repositories` (List of String) An array of up to three Git repositories to associate with the notebook instance. These can be either the names of Git repositories stored as resources in your account, or the URL of Git repositories in Amazon Web Services CodeCommit (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codecommit/latest/userguide/welcome.html) or in any other Git repository. These repositories are cloned at the same level as the default repository of your notebook instance. For more information, see Associating Git Repositories with SageMaker Notebook Instances (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/nbi-git-repo.html).
- `default_code_repository` (String) A Git repository to associate with the notebook instance as its default code repository. This can be either the name of a Git repository stored as a resource in your account, or the URL of a Git repository in Amazon Web Services CodeCommit (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codecommit/latest/userguide/welcome.html) or in any other Git repository. When you open a notebook instance, it opens in the directory that contains this repository. For more information, see Associating Git Repositories with SageMaker Notebook Instances (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/nbi-git-repo.html).
- `direct_internet_access` (String) Sets whether SageMaker provides internet access to the notebook instance. If you set this to Disabled this notebook instance is able to access resources only in your VPC, and is not be able to connect to SageMaker training and endpoint services unless you configure a NAT Gateway in your VPC.  For more information, see Notebook Instances Are Internet-Enabled by Default (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/appendix-additional-considerations.html#appendix-notebook-and-internet-access). You can set the value of this parameter to Disabled only if you set a value for the SubnetId parameter.
- `kms_key_id` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of a Amazon Web Services Key Management Service key that SageMaker uses to encrypt data on the storage volume attached to your notebook instance. The KMS key you provide must be enabled. For information, see Enabling and Disabling Keys (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/enabling-keys.html) in the Amazon Web Services Key Management Service Developer Guide.
- `lifecycle_config_name` (String) The name of a lifecycle configuration to associate with the notebook instance. For information about lifestyle configurations, see Step 2.1: (Optional) Customize a Notebook Instance (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/notebook-lifecycle-config.html).
- `platform_identifier` (String) The platform identifier of the notebook instance runtime environment.
- `root_access` (String) Whether root access is enabled or disabled for users of the notebook instance. The default value is Enabled.  Lifecycle configurations need root access to be able to set up a notebook instance. Because of this, lifecycle configurations associated with a notebook instance always run with root access even if you disable root access for users.
- `security_group_i_ds` (List of String) The VPC security group IDs, in the form sg-xxxxxxxx. The security groups must be for the same VPC as specified in the subnet.
- `subnet_id` (String) The ID of the subnet in a VPC to which you would like to have a connectivity from your ML compute instance.
- `tags` (Attributes List) An array of key-value pairs. You can use tags to categorize your Amazon Web Services resources in different ways, for example, by purpose, owner, or environment. For more information, see Tagging Amazon Web Services Resources (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/aws_tagging.html). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tags))
- `volume_size_in_gb` (Number) The size, in GB, of the ML storage volume to attach to the notebook instance. The default value is 5 GB.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


