---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_scheduling_volcano_sh_pod_group_v1beta1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "scheduling.volcano.sh"
description: |-
  PodGroup is a collection of Pod; used for batch workload.
---

# k8s_scheduling_volcano_sh_pod_group_v1beta1 (Resource)

PodGroup is a collection of Pod; used for batch workload.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_scheduling_volcano_sh_pod_group_v1beta1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) Specification of the desired behavior of the pod group. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#spec-and-status (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `min_member` (Number) MinMember defines the minimal number of members/tasks to run the pod group; if there's not enough resources to start all tasks, the scheduler will not start anyone.
- `min_resources` (Map of String) MinResources defines the minimal resource of members/tasks to run the pod group; if there's not enough resources to start all tasks, the scheduler will not start anyone.
- `min_task_member` (Map of String) MinTaskMember defines the minimal number of pods to run each task in the pod group; if there's not enough resources to start each task, the scheduler will not start anyone.
- `priority_class_name` (String) If specified, indicates the PodGroup's priority. 'system-node-critical' and 'system-cluster-critical' are two special keywords which indicate the highest priorities with the former being the highest priority. Any other name must be defined by creating a PriorityClass object with that name. If not specified, the PodGroup priority will be default or zero if there is no default.
- `queue` (String) Queue defines the queue to allocate resource for PodGroup; if queue does not exist, the PodGroup will not be scheduled. Defaults to 'default' Queue with the lowest weight.


<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_scheduling_volcano_sh_pod_group_v1beta1/import.sh"}}
