---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_scheduling_volcano_sh_queue_v1beta1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "scheduling.volcano.sh"
description: |-
  Queue is a queue of PodGroup.
---

# k8s_scheduling_volcano_sh_queue_v1beta1 (Resource)

Queue is a queue of PodGroup.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_scheduling_volcano_sh_queue_v1beta1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) Specification of the desired behavior of the queue. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/api-conventions.md#spec-and-status (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `affinity` (Attributes) If specified, the pod owned by the queue will be scheduled with constraint (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity))
- `capability` (Map of String) ResourceList is a set of (resource name, quantity) pairs.
- `extend_clusters` (Attributes List) extendCluster indicate the jobs in this Queue will be dispatched to these clusters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--extend_clusters))
- `guarantee` (Attributes) Guarantee indicate configuration about resource reservation (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--guarantee))
- `reclaimable` (Boolean) Reclaimable indicate whether the queue can be reclaimed by other queue
- `type` (String) Type define the type of queue
- `weight` (Number)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity`

Optional:

- `node_group_affinity` (Attributes) Describes nodegroup affinity scheduling rules for the queue(e.g. putting pods of the queue in the nodes of the nodegroup) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_group_affinity))
- `node_group_anti_affinity` (Attributes) Describes nodegroup anti-affinity scheduling rules for the queue(e.g. avoid putting pods of the queue in the nodes of the nodegroup). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_group_anti_affinity))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_group_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_group_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (List of String)
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--affinity--node_group_anti_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.affinity.node_group_anti_affinity`

Optional:

- `preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (List of String)
- `required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--extend_clusters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.extend_clusters`

Optional:

- `capacity` (Map of String) ResourceList is a set of (resource name, quantity) pairs.
- `name` (String)
- `weight` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--guarantee"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.guarantee`

Optional:

- `resource` (Map of String) The amount of cluster resource reserved for queue. Just set either 'percentage' or 'resource'



<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_scheduling_volcano_sh_queue_v1beta1/import.sh"}}
