---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_scheduling_koordinator_sh_reservation_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "scheduling.koordinator.sh"
description: |-
  Reservation is the Schema for the reservation API. A Reservation object is non-namespaced. Any namespaced affinity/anti-affinity of reservation scheduling can be specified in the spec.template.
---

# k8s_scheduling_koordinator_sh_reservation_v1alpha1 (Resource)

Reservation is the Schema for the reservation API. A Reservation object is non-namespaced. Any namespaced affinity/anti-affinity of reservation scheduling can be specified in the spec.template.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_scheduling_koordinator_sh_reservation_v1alpha1" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `owners` (Attributes List) Specify the owners who can allocate the reserved resources. Multiple owner selectors and ORed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--owners))
- `template` (Dynamic) Template defines the scheduling requirements (resources, affinities, images, ...) processed by the scheduler just like a normal pod. If the 'template.spec.nodeName' is specified, the scheduler will not choose another node but reserve resources on the specified node.

Optional:

- `allocate_once` (Boolean) By default, reserved resources are always allocatable as long as the reservation phase is Available. When 'AllocateOnce' is set, the reserved resources are only available for the first owner who allocates successfully and are not allocatable to other owners anymore.
- `expires` (String) Expired timestamp when the reservation is expected to expire. If both 'expires' and 'ttl' are set, 'expires' is checked first. 'expires' and 'ttl' are mutually exclusive. Defaults to being set dynamically at runtime based on the 'ttl'.
- `pre_allocation` (Boolean) By default, the resources requirements of reservation (specified in 'template.spec') is filtered by whether the node has sufficient free resources (i.e. Reservation Request <  Node Free). When 'preAllocation' is set, the scheduler will skip this validation and allow overcommitment. The scheduled reservation would be waiting to be available until free resources are sufficient.
- `ttl` (String) Time-to-Live period for the reservation. 'expires' and 'ttl' are mutually exclusive. Defaults to 24h. Set 0 to disable expiration.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--owners"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.owners`

Optional:

- `controller` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--owners--controller))
- `label_selector` (Attributes) A label selector is a label query over a set of resources. The result of matchLabels and matchExpressions are ANDed. An empty label selector matches all objects. A null label selector matches no objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--owners--label_selector))
- `object` (Attributes) Multiple field selectors are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--owners--object))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--owners--controller"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.owners.controller`

Required:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/identifiers#names
- `uid` (String) UID of the referent. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/identifiers#uids

Optional:

- `block_owner_deletion` (Boolean) If true, AND if the owner has the 'foregroundDeletion' finalizer, then the owner cannot be deleted from the key-value store until this reference is removed. Defaults to false. To set this field, a user needs 'delete' permission of the owner, otherwise 422 (Unprocessable Entity) will be returned.
- `controller` (Boolean) If true, this reference points to the managing controller.
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--owners--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.owners.label_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--owners--label_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--owners--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.owners.label_selector.match_labels`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--owners--object"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.owners.object`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.
- `field_path` (String) If referring to a piece of an object instead of an entire object, this string should contain a valid JSON/Go field access statement, such as desiredState.manifest.containers[2]. For example, if the object reference is to a container within a pod, this would take on a value like: 'spec.containers{name}' (where 'name' refers to the name of the container that triggered the event) or if no container name is specified 'spec.containers[2]' (container with index 2 in this pod). This syntax is chosen only to have some well-defined way of referencing a part of an object. TODO: this design is not final and this field is subject to change in the future.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/
- `resource_version` (String) Specific resourceVersion to which this reference is made, if any. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `uid` (String) UID of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#uids


