---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_scheduling_koordinator_sh_device_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "scheduling.koordinator.sh"
description: |-
  
---

# k8s_scheduling_koordinator_sh_device_v1alpha1 (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_scheduling_koordinator_sh_device_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `devices` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--devices))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--devices"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.devices`

Optional:

- `health` (Boolean) Health indicates whether the device is normal
- `id` (String) UUID represents the UUID of device
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels represents the device properties that can be used to organize and categorize (scope and select) objects
- `minor` (Number) Minor represents the Minor number of Device, starting from 0
- `module_id` (Number) ModuleID represents the physical id of Device
- `resources` (Map of String) Resources is a set of (resource name, quantity) pairs
- `topology` (Attributes) Topology represents the topology information about the device (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--devices--topology))
- `type` (String) Type represents the type of device
- `vf_groups` (Attributes List) VFGroups represents the virtual function devices (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--devices--vf_groups))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--devices--topology"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.devices.topology`

Required:

- `node_id` (Number)
- `pcie_id` (Number)
- `socket_id` (Number)

Optional:

- `bus_id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--devices--vf_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.devices.vf_groups`

Optional:

- `labels` (Map of String)
- `vfs` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--devices--vf_groups--vfs))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--devices--vf_groups--vfs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.devices.vf_groups.vfs`

Required:

- `minor` (Number)

Optional:

- `bus_id` (String)





<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_scheduling_koordinator_sh_device_v1alpha1/import.sh"}}
