---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_scheduling_k8s_io_priority_class_v1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "scheduling.k8s.io"
description: |-
  PriorityClass defines mapping from a priority class name to the priority integer value. The value can be any valid integer.
---

# k8s_scheduling_k8s_io_priority_class_v1 (Resource)

PriorityClass defines mapping from a priority class name to the priority integer value. The value can be any valid integer.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_scheduling_k8s_io_priority_class_v1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `value` (Number) value represents the integer value of this priority class. This is the actual priority that pods receive when they have the name of this class in their pod spec.

### Optional

- `description` (String) description is an arbitrary string that usually provides guidelines on when this priority class should be used.
- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `global_default` (Boolean) globalDefault specifies whether this PriorityClass should be considered as the default priority for pods that do not have any priority class. Only one PriorityClass can be marked as 'globalDefault'. However, if more than one PriorityClasses exists with their 'globalDefault' field set to true, the smallest value of such global default PriorityClasses will be used as the default priority.
- `preemption_policy` (String) preemptionPolicy is the Policy for preempting pods with lower priority. One of Never, PreemptLowerPriority. Defaults to PreemptLowerPriority if unset.
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_scheduling_k8s_io_priority_class_v1/import.sh"}}
