---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_secrets_crossplane_io_store_config_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "secrets.crossplane.io"
description: |-
  A StoreConfig configures how Crossplane controllers should store connection details.
---

# k8s_secrets_crossplane_io_store_config_v1alpha1 (Resource)

A StoreConfig configures how Crossplane controllers should store connection details.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_secrets_crossplane_io_store_config_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) A StoreConfigSpec defines the desired state of a StoreConfig. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `default_scope` (String) DefaultScope used for scoping secrets for 'cluster-scoped' resources. If store type is 'Kubernetes', this would mean the default namespace to store connection secrets for cluster scoped resources. In case of 'Vault', this would be used as the default parent path. Typically, should be set as Crossplane installation namespace.

Optional:

- `kubernetes` (Attributes) Kubernetes configures a Kubernetes secret store. If the 'type' is 'Kubernetes' but no config provided, in cluster config will be used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--kubernetes))
- `plugin` (Attributes) Plugin configures External secret store as a plugin. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--plugin))
- `type` (String) Type configures which secret store to be used. Only the configuration block for this store will be used and others will be ignored if provided. Default is Kubernetes.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--kubernetes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.kubernetes`

Required:

- `auth` (Attributes) Credentials used to connect to the Kubernetes API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--kubernetes--auth))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--kubernetes--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.kubernetes.auth`

Required:

- `source` (String) Source of the credentials.

Optional:

- `env` (Attributes) Env is a reference to an environment variable that contains credentials that must be used to connect to the provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--kubernetes--auth--env))
- `fs` (Attributes) Fs is a reference to a filesystem location that contains credentials that must be used to connect to the provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--kubernetes--auth--fs))
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) A SecretRef is a reference to a secret key that contains the credentials that must be used to connect to the provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--kubernetes--auth--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--kubernetes--auth--env"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.kubernetes.auth.secret_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of an environment variable.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--kubernetes--auth--fs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.kubernetes.auth.secret_ref`

Required:

- `path` (String) Path is a filesystem path.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--kubernetes--auth--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.kubernetes.auth.secret_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key to select.
- `name` (String) Name of the secret.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the secret.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--plugin"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.plugin`

Optional:

- `config_ref` (Attributes) ConfigRef contains store config reference info. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--plugin--config_ref))
- `endpoint` (String) Endpoint is the endpoint of the gRPC server.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--plugin--config_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.plugin.config_ref`

Required:

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion of the referenced config.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referenced config.
- `name` (String) Name of the referenced config.




<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_secrets_crossplane_io_store_config_v1alpha1/import.sh"}}
