---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_security_profiles_operator_x_k8s_io_profile_recording_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "security-profiles-operator.x-k8s.io/v1alpha1"
description: |-
  ProfileRecording is the Schema for the profilerecordings API.
---

# k8s_security_profiles_operator_x_k8s_io_profile_recording_v1alpha1 (Resource)

ProfileRecording is the Schema for the profilerecordings API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_security_profiles_operator_x_k8s_io_profile_recording_v1alpha1" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
  spec = {
    kind         = "SeccompProfile"
    pod_selector = {}
    recorder     = "bpf"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) ProfileRecordingSpec defines the desired state of ProfileRecording. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind of object to be recorded.
- `pod_selector` (Attributes) PodSelector selects the pods to record. This field follows standard label selector semantics. An empty podSelector matches all pods in this namespace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_selector))
- `recorder` (String) Recorder to be used.

Optional:

- `containers` (List of String) Containers is a set of containers to record. This allows to select only specific containers to record instead of all containers present in the pod.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--pod_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--pod_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pod_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.


