---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_security_profiles_operator_x_k8s_io_seccomp_profile_v1beta1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "security-profiles-operator.x-k8s.io/v1beta1"
description: |-
  SeccompProfile is a cluster level specification for a seccomp profile. See https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/blob/master/config-linux.md#seccomp
---

# k8s_security_profiles_operator_x_k8s_io_seccomp_profile_v1beta1 (Resource)

SeccompProfile is a cluster level specification for a seccomp profile. See https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/blob/master/config-linux.md#seccomp

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_security_profiles_operator_x_k8s_io_seccomp_profile_v1beta1" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
  spec = {
    default_action = "SCMP_ACT_TRAP"
  }
}

resource "k8s_security_profiles_operator_x_k8s_io_seccomp_profile_v1beta1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "profile1"
    namespace = "my-namespace"
  }
  spec = {
    default_action    = "SCMP_ACT_ERRNO"
    base_profile_name = "runc-v1.0.0"
    syscalls = [
      {
        action = "SCMP_ACT_ALLOW"
        names  = ["exit_group"]
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) SeccompProfileSpec defines the desired state of SeccompProfile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `default_action` (String) the default action for seccomp

Optional:

- `architectures` (List of String) the architecture used for system calls
- `base_profile_name` (String) name of base profile (in the same namespace) what will be unioned into this profile
- `flags` (List of String) list of flags to use with seccomp(2)
- `listener_metadata` (String) opaque data to pass to the seccomp agent
- `listener_path` (String) path of UNIX domain socket to contact a seccomp agent for SCMP_ACT_NOTIFY
- `syscalls` (Attributes List) match a syscall in seccomp. While this property is OPTIONAL, some values of defaultAction are not useful without syscalls entries. For example, if defaultAction is SCMP_ACT_KILL and syscalls is empty or unset, the kernel will kill the container process on its first syscall (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--syscalls))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--syscalls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.syscalls`

Required:

- `action` (String) the action for seccomp rules
- `names` (List of String) the names of the syscalls

Optional:

- `args` (Attributes List) the specific syscall in seccomp (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--syscalls--args))
- `errno_ret` (String) the errno return code to use. Some actions like SCMP_ACT_ERRNO and SCMP_ACT_TRACE allow to specify the errno code to return

<a id="nestedatt--spec--syscalls--args"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.syscalls.args`

Required:

- `index` (Number) the index for syscall arguments in seccomp
- `op` (String) the operator for syscall arguments in seccomp

Optional:

- `value` (Number) the value for syscall arguments in seccomp
- `value_two` (Number) the value for syscall arguments in seccomp


