---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_security_istio_io_request_authentication_v1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "security.istio.io"
description: |-
  
---

# k8s_security_istio_io_request_authentication_v1 (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_security_istio_io_request_authentication_v1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) RequestAuthentication defines what request authentication methods are supported by a workload. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `jwt_rules` (Attributes List) Define the list of JWTs that can be validated at the selected workloads' proxy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--jwt_rules))
- `selector` (Attributes) Optional. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--selector))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--jwt_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.jwt_rules`

Optional:

- `audiences` (List of String)
- `forward_original_token` (Boolean) If set to true, the original token will be kept for the upstream request.
- `from_headers` (Attributes List) List of header locations from which JWT is expected. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--jwt_rules--from_headers))
- `from_params` (List of String) List of query parameters from which JWT is expected.
- `issuer` (String) Identifies the issuer that issued the JWT.
- `jwks` (String) JSON Web Key Set of public keys to validate signature of the JWT.
- `jwks_uri` (String)
- `output_claim_to_headers` (Attributes List) This field specifies a list of operations to copy the claim to HTTP headers on a successfully verified token. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--jwt_rules--output_claim_to_headers))
- `output_payload_to_header` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--jwt_rules--from_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.jwt_rules.from_headers`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The HTTP header name.
- `prefix` (String) The prefix that should be stripped before decoding the token.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--jwt_rules--output_claim_to_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.jwt_rules.output_claim_to_headers`

Optional:

- `claim` (String) The name of the claim to be copied from.
- `header` (String) The name of the header to be created.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.selector`

Optional:

- `match_labels` (Map of String)



<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_security_istio_io_request_authentication_v1/import.sh"}}
