---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_security_istio_io_request_authentication_v1beta1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "security.istio.io"
description: |-
  
---

# k8s_security_istio_io_request_authentication_v1beta1 (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_security_istio_io_request_authentication_v1beta1" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) RequestAuthentication defines what request authentication methods are supported by a workload. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `jwt_rules` (Attributes List) Define the list of JWTs that can be validated at the selected workloads' proxy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--jwt_rules))
- `selector` (Attributes) Optional. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--selector))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--jwt_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.jwt_rules`

Optional:

- `audiences` (List of String)
- `forward_original_token` (Boolean) If set to true, the original token will be kept for the upstream request.
- `from_headers` (Attributes List) List of header locations from which JWT is expected. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--jwt_rules--from_headers))
- `from_params` (List of String) List of query parameters from which JWT is expected.
- `issuer` (String) Identifies the issuer that issued the JWT.
- `jwks` (String) JSON Web Key Set of public keys to validate signature of the JWT.
- `jwks_uri` (String)
- `output_payload_to_header` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--jwt_rules--from_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.jwt_rules.from_headers`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The HTTP header name.
- `prefix` (String) The prefix that should be stripped before decoding the token.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.selector`

Optional:

- `match_labels` (Map of String)


