---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_servicebinding_io_cluster_workload_resource_mapping_v1alpha3 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "servicebinding.io"
description: |-
  ClusterWorkloadResourceMapping is the Schema for the clusterworkloadresourcemappings API
---

# k8s_servicebinding_io_cluster_workload_resource_mapping_v1alpha3 (Resource)

ClusterWorkloadResourceMapping is the Schema for the clusterworkloadresourcemappings API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_servicebinding_io_cluster_workload_resource_mapping_v1alpha3" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) ClusterWorkloadResourceMappingSpec defines the desired state of ClusterWorkloadResourceMapping (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `versions` (Attributes List) Versions is the collection of versions for a given resource, with mappings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--versions))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--versions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.versions`

Required:

- `version` (String) Version is the version of the workload resource that this mapping is for.

Optional:

- `annotations` (String) Annotations is a Restricted JSONPath that references the annotations map within the workload resource. These annotations must end up in the resulting Pod, and are generally not the workload resource's annotations. Defaults to '.spec.template.metadata.annotations'.
- `containers` (Attributes List) Containers is the collection of mappings to container-like fragments of the workload resource. Defaults to mappings appropriate for a PodSpecable resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--versions--containers))
- `volumes` (String) Volumes is a Restricted JSONPath that references the slice of volumes within the workload resource. Defaults to '.spec.template.spec.volumes'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--versions--containers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.versions.containers`

Required:

- `path` (String) Path is the JSONPath within the workload resource that matches an existing fragment that is container-like.

Optional:

- `env` (String) Env is a Restricted JSONPath that references the slice of environment variables for the container with the container-like workload resource fragment. The referenced location is created if it does not exist. Defaults to '.envs'.
- `name` (String) Name is a Restricted JSONPath that references the name of the container with the container-like workload resource fragment. If not defined, container name filtering is ignored.
- `volume_mounts` (String) VolumeMounts is a Restricted JSONPath that references the slice of volume mounts for the container with the container-like workload resource fragment. The referenced location is created if it does not exist. Defaults to '.volumeMounts'.




<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_servicebinding_io_cluster_workload_resource_mapping_v1alpha3/import.sh"}}
