---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_servicebinding_io_cluster_workload_resource_mapping_v1beta1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "servicebinding.io/v1beta1"
description: |-
  ClusterWorkloadResourceMapping is the Schema for the clusterworkloadresourcemappings API
---

# k8s_servicebinding_io_cluster_workload_resource_mapping_v1beta1 (Resource)

ClusterWorkloadResourceMapping is the Schema for the clusterworkloadresourcemappings API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_servicebinding_io_cluster_workload_resource_mapping_v1beta1" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) ClusterWorkloadResourceMappingSpec defines the desired state of ClusterWorkloadResourceMapping (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `versions` (Attributes List) Versions is the collection of versions for a given resource, with mappings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--versions))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--versions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.versions`

Required:

- `version` (String) Version is the version of the workload resource that this mapping is for.

Optional:

- `annotations` (String) Annotations is a Restricted JSONPath that references the annotations map within the workload resource. These annotations must end up in the resulting Pod, and are generally not the workload resource's annotations. Defaults to '.spec.template.metadata.annotations'.
- `containers` (Attributes List) Containers is the collection of mappings to container-like fragments of the workload resource. Defaults to mappings appropriate for a PodSpecable resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--versions--containers))
- `volumes` (String) Volumes is a Restricted JSONPath that references the slice of volumes within the workload resource. Defaults to '.spec.template.spec.volumes'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--versions--containers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.versions.containers`

Required:

- `path` (String) Path is the JSONPath within the workload resource that matches an existing fragment that is container-like.

Optional:

- `env` (String) Env is a Restricted JSONPath that references the slice of environment variables for the container with the container-like workload resource fragment. The referenced location is created if it does not exist. Defaults to '.envs'.
- `name` (String) Name is a Restricted JSONPath that references the name of the container with the container-like workload resource fragment. If not defined, container name filtering is ignored.
- `volume_mounts` (String) VolumeMounts is a Restricted JSONPath that references the slice of volume mounts for the container with the container-like workload resource fragment. The referenced location is created if it does not exist. Defaults to '.volumeMounts'.


