---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_sfn_services_k8s_aws_activity_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "sfn.services.k8s.aws"
description: |-
  Activity is the Schema for the Activities API
---

# k8s_sfn_services_k8s_aws_activity_v1alpha1 (Resource)

Activity is the Schema for the Activities API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_sfn_services_k8s_aws_activity_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) ActivitySpec defines the desired state of Activity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the activity to create. This name must be unique for your AWS account and region for 90 days. For more information, see Limits Related to State Machine Executions (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/step-functions/latest/dg/limits.html#service-limits-state-machine-executions) in the AWS Step Functions Developer Guide.  A name must not contain:  * white space  * brackets < > { } [ ]  * wildcard characters ? *  * special characters ' # %  ^ | ~ ' $ & , ; : /  * control characters (U+0000-001F, U+007F-009F)  To enable logging with CloudWatch Logs, the name should only contain 0-9, A-Z, a-z, - and _.

Optional:

- `tags` (Attributes List) The list of tags to add to a resource.  An array of key-value pairs. For more information, see Using Cost Allocation Tags (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/awsaccountbilling/latest/aboutv2/cost-alloc-tags.html) in the AWS Billing and Cost Management User Guide, and Controlling Access Using IAM Tags (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access_iam-tags.html).  Tags may only contain Unicode letters, digits, white space, or these symbols: _ . : / = + - @. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_sfn_services_k8s_aws_activity_v1alpha1/import.sh"}}
