---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_site_superedge_io_node_unit_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "site.superedge.io"
description: |-
  NodeUnit is the Schema for the nodeunits API
---

# k8s_site_superedge_io_node_unit_v1alpha1 (Resource)

NodeUnit is the Schema for the nodeunits API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_site_superedge_io_node_unit_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) NodeUnitSpec defines the desired state of NodeUnit (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `nodes` (List of String) If specified, If node exists, join nodeunit directly
- `selector` (Attributes) If specified, Label selector for nodes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--selector))
- `setnode` (Attributes) If specified, set the relevant properties to the node of nodeunit. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--setnode))
- `taints` (Attributes List) If specified, allow to set taints to nodeunit for the scheduler to choose (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--taints))
- `type` (String) Type of nodeunit， vaule: Cloud、Edge
- `unschedulable` (Boolean) Unschedulable controls nodeUnit schedulability of new workwolads. By default, nodeUnit is schedulable.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.selector`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) If specified, select node to join nodeUnit according to Annotations
- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--setnode"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.setnode`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) If specified, set annotations to all nodes of nodeunit
- `labels` (Map of String) If specified, set labels to all nodes of nodeunit
- `taints` (Attributes List) If specified, set taints to all nodes of nodeunit (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--setnode--taints))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--setnode--taints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.setnode.taints`

Required:

- `effect` (String) Required. The effect of the taint on pods that do not tolerate the taint. Valid effects are NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Required. The taint key to be applied to a node.

Optional:

- `time_added` (String) TimeAdded represents the time at which the taint was added. It is only written for NoExecute taints.
- `value` (String) The taint value corresponding to the taint key.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--taints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.taints`

Required:

- `effect` (String) Required. The effect of the taint on pods that do not tolerate the taint. Valid effects are NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule and NoExecute.
- `key` (String) Required. The taint key to be applied to a node.

Optional:

- `time_added` (String) TimeAdded represents the time at which the taint was added. It is only written for NoExecute taints.
- `value` (String) The taint value corresponding to the taint key.



<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_site_superedge_io_node_unit_v1alpha1/import.sh"}}
