---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_source_toolkit_fluxcd_io_helm_chart_v1beta2 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "source.toolkit.fluxcd.io"
description: |-
  HelmChart is the Schema for the helmcharts API.
---

# k8s_source_toolkit_fluxcd_io_helm_chart_v1beta2 (Resource)

HelmChart is the Schema for the helmcharts API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_source_toolkit_fluxcd_io_helm_chart_v1beta2" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) HelmChartSpec specifies the desired state of a Helm chart. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `chart` (String) Chart is the name or path the Helm chart is available at in the SourceRef.
- `interval` (String) Interval at which the HelmChart SourceRef is checked for updates. This interval is approximate and may be subject to jitter to ensure efficient use of resources.
- `source_ref` (Attributes) SourceRef is the reference to the Source the chart is available at. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--source_ref))

Optional:

- `access_from` (Attributes) AccessFrom specifies an Access Control List for allowing cross-namespace references to this object. NOTE: Not implemented, provisional as of https://github.com/fluxcd/flux2/pull/2092 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--access_from))
- `reconcile_strategy` (String) ReconcileStrategy determines what enables the creation of a new artifact. Valid values are ('ChartVersion', 'Revision'). See the documentation of the values for an explanation on their behavior. Defaults to ChartVersion when omitted.
- `suspend` (Boolean) Suspend tells the controller to suspend the reconciliation of this source.
- `values_file` (String) ValuesFile is an alternative values file to use as the default chart values, expected to be a relative path in the SourceRef. Deprecated in favor of ValuesFiles, for backwards compatibility the file specified here is merged before the ValuesFiles items. Ignored when omitted.
- `values_files` (List of String) ValuesFiles is an alternative list of values files to use as the chart values (values.yaml is not included by default), expected to be a relative path in the SourceRef. Values files are merged in the order of this list with the last file overriding the first. Ignored when omitted.
- `verify` (Attributes) Verify contains the secret name containing the trusted public keys used to verify the signature and specifies which provider to use to check whether OCI image is authentic. This field is only supported when using HelmRepository source with spec.type 'oci'. Chart dependencies, which are not bundled in the umbrella chart artifact, are not verified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--verify))
- `version` (String) Version is the chart version semver expression, ignored for charts from GitRepository and Bucket sources. Defaults to latest when omitted.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--source_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.source_ref`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent, valid values are ('HelmRepository', 'GitRepository', 'Bucket').
- `name` (String) Name of the referent.

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion of the referent.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--access_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.access_from`

Required:

- `namespace_selectors` (Attributes List) NamespaceSelectors is the list of namespace selectors to which this ACL applies. Items in this list are evaluated using a logical OR operation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--access_from--namespace_selectors))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--access_from--namespace_selectors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.access_from.namespace_selectors`

Optional:

- `match_labels` (Map of String) MatchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--verify"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.verify`

Required:

- `provider` (String) Provider specifies the technology used to sign the OCI Artifact.

Optional:

- `secret_ref` (Attributes) SecretRef specifies the Kubernetes Secret containing the trusted public keys. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--verify--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--verify--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.verify.secret_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.




<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_source_toolkit_fluxcd_io_helm_chart_v1beta2/import.sh"}}
