---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_source_toolkit_fluxcd_io_git_repository_v1beta2 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "source.toolkit.fluxcd.io/v1beta2"
description: |-
  GitRepository is the Schema for the gitrepositories API.
---

# k8s_source_toolkit_fluxcd_io_git_repository_v1beta2 (Resource)

GitRepository is the Schema for the gitrepositories API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_source_toolkit_fluxcd_io_git_repository_v1beta2" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) GitRepositorySpec specifies the required configuration to produce an Artifact for a Git repository. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `interval` (String) Interval at which to check the GitRepository for updates.
- `url` (String) URL specifies the Git repository URL, it can be an HTTP/S or SSH address.

Optional:

- `access_from` (Attributes) AccessFrom specifies an Access Control List for allowing cross-namespace references to this object. NOTE: Not implemented, provisional as of https://github.com/fluxcd/flux2/pull/2092 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--access_from))
- `git_implementation` (String) GitImplementation specifies which Git client library implementation to use. Defaults to 'go-git', valid values are ('go-git', 'libgit2').
- `ignore` (String) Ignore overrides the set of excluded patterns in the .sourceignore format (which is the same as .gitignore). If not provided, a default will be used, consult the documentation for your version to find out what those are.
- `include` (Attributes List) Include specifies a list of GitRepository resources which Artifacts should be included in the Artifact produced for this GitRepository. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--include))
- `recurse_submodules` (Boolean) RecurseSubmodules enables the initialization of all submodules within the GitRepository as cloned from the URL, using their default settings. This option is available only when using the 'go-git' GitImplementation.
- `ref` (Attributes) Reference specifies the Git reference to resolve and monitor for changes, defaults to the 'master' branch. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ref))
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) SecretRef specifies the Secret containing authentication credentials for the GitRepository. For HTTPS repositories the Secret must contain 'username' and 'password' fields. For SSH repositories the Secret must contain 'identity' and 'known_hosts' fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--secret_ref))
- `suspend` (Boolean) Suspend tells the controller to suspend the reconciliation of this GitRepository.
- `timeout` (String) Timeout for Git operations like cloning, defaults to 60s.
- `verify` (Attributes) Verification specifies the configuration to verify the Git commit signature(s). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--verify))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--access_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.access_from`

Required:

- `namespace_selectors` (Attributes List) NamespaceSelectors is the list of namespace selectors to which this ACL applies. Items in this list are evaluated using a logical OR operation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--access_from--namespace_selectors))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--access_from--namespace_selectors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.access_from.namespace_selectors`

Optional:

- `match_labels` (Map of String) MatchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--include"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.include`

Required:

- `repository` (Attributes) GitRepositoryRef specifies the GitRepository which Artifact contents must be included. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--include--repository))

Optional:

- `from_path` (String) FromPath specifies the path to copy contents from, defaults to the root of the Artifact.
- `to_path` (String) ToPath specifies the path to copy contents to, defaults to the name of the GitRepositoryRef.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--include--repository"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.include.repository`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ref`

Optional:

- `branch` (String) Branch to check out, defaults to 'master' if no other field is defined.  When GitRepositorySpec.GitImplementation is set to 'go-git', a shallow clone of the specified branch is performed.
- `commit` (String) Commit SHA to check out, takes precedence over all reference fields.  When GitRepositorySpec.GitImplementation is set to 'go-git', this can be combined with Branch to shallow clone the branch, in which the commit is expected to exist.
- `semver` (String) SemVer tag expression to check out, takes precedence over Tag.
- `tag` (String) Tag to check out, takes precedence over Branch.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.secret_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--verify"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.verify`

Required:

- `mode` (String) Mode specifies what Git object should be verified, currently ('head').

Optional:

- `secret_ref` (Attributes) SecretRef specifies the Secret containing the public keys of trusted Git authors. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--verify--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--verify--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.verify.secret_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.


