---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_source_toolkit_fluxcd_io_helm_repository_v1beta2 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "source.toolkit.fluxcd.io/v1beta2"
description: |-
  HelmRepository is the Schema for the helmrepositories API.
---

# k8s_source_toolkit_fluxcd_io_helm_repository_v1beta2 (Resource)

HelmRepository is the Schema for the helmrepositories API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_source_toolkit_fluxcd_io_helm_repository_v1beta2" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `spec` (Attributes) HelmRepositorySpec specifies the required configuration to produce an Artifact for a Helm repository index YAML. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `interval` (String) Interval at which to check the URL for updates.
- `url` (String) URL of the Helm repository, a valid URL contains at least a protocol and host.

Optional:

- `access_from` (Attributes) AccessFrom specifies an Access Control List for allowing cross-namespace references to this object. NOTE: Not implemented, provisional as of https://github.com/fluxcd/flux2/pull/2092 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--access_from))
- `pass_credentials` (Boolean) PassCredentials allows the credentials from the SecretRef to be passed on to a host that does not match the host as defined in URL. This may be required if the host of the advertised chart URLs in the index differ from the defined URL. Enabling this should be done with caution, as it can potentially result in credentials getting stolen in a MITM-attack.
- `provider` (String) Provider used for authentication, can be 'aws', 'azure', 'gcp' or 'generic'. This field is optional, and only taken into account if the .spec.type field is set to 'oci'. When not specified, defaults to 'generic'.
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) SecretRef specifies the Secret containing authentication credentials for the HelmRepository. For HTTP/S basic auth the secret must contain 'username' and 'password' fields. For TLS the secret must contain a 'certFile' and 'keyFile', and/or 'caCert' fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--secret_ref))
- `suspend` (Boolean) Suspend tells the controller to suspend the reconciliation of this HelmRepository.
- `timeout` (String) Timeout is used for the index fetch operation for an HTTPS helm repository, and for remote OCI Repository operations like pulling for an OCI helm repository. Its default value is 60s.
- `type` (String) Type of the HelmRepository. When this field is set to  'oci', the URL field value must be prefixed with 'oci://'.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--access_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.access_from`

Required:

- `namespace_selectors` (Attributes List) NamespaceSelectors is the list of namespace selectors to which this ACL applies. Items in this list are evaluated using a logical OR operation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--access_from--namespace_selectors))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--access_from--namespace_selectors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.access_from.namespace_selectors`

Optional:

- `match_labels` (Map of String) MatchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.secret_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.


