---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_source_toolkit_fluxcd_io_git_repository_v1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "source.toolkit.fluxcd.io"
description: |-
  GitRepository is the Schema for the gitrepositories API.
---

# k8s_source_toolkit_fluxcd_io_git_repository_v1 (Resource)

GitRepository is the Schema for the gitrepositories API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_source_toolkit_fluxcd_io_git_repository_v1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) GitRepositorySpec specifies the required configuration to produce an Artifact for a Git repository. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `interval` (String) Interval at which the GitRepository URL is checked for updates. This interval is approximate and may be subject to jitter to ensure efficient use of resources.
- `url` (String) URL specifies the Git repository URL, it can be an HTTP/S or SSH address.

Optional:

- `ignore` (String) Ignore overrides the set of excluded patterns in the .sourceignore format (which is the same as .gitignore). If not provided, a default will be used, consult the documentation for your version to find out what those are.
- `include` (Attributes List) Include specifies a list of GitRepository resources which Artifacts should be included in the Artifact produced for this GitRepository. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--include))
- `proxy_secret_ref` (Attributes) ProxySecretRef specifies the Secret containing the proxy configuration to use while communicating with the Git server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--proxy_secret_ref))
- `recurse_submodules` (Boolean) RecurseSubmodules enables the initialization of all submodules within the GitRepository as cloned from the URL, using their default settings.
- `ref` (Attributes) Reference specifies the Git reference to resolve and monitor for changes, defaults to the 'master' branch. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ref))
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) SecretRef specifies the Secret containing authentication credentials for the GitRepository. For HTTPS repositories the Secret must contain 'username' and 'password' fields for basic auth or 'bearerToken' field for token auth. For SSH repositories the Secret must contain 'identity' and 'known_hosts' fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--secret_ref))
- `suspend` (Boolean) Suspend tells the controller to suspend the reconciliation of this GitRepository.
- `timeout` (String) Timeout for Git operations like cloning, defaults to 60s.
- `verify` (Attributes) Verification specifies the configuration to verify the Git commit signature(s). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--verify))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--include"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.include`

Required:

- `repository` (Attributes) GitRepositoryRef specifies the GitRepository which Artifact contents must be included. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--include--repository))

Optional:

- `from_path` (String) FromPath specifies the path to copy contents from, defaults to the root of the Artifact.
- `to_path` (String) ToPath specifies the path to copy contents to, defaults to the name of the GitRepositoryRef.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--include--repository"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.include.repository`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--proxy_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.proxy_secret_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ref`

Optional:

- `branch` (String) Branch to check out, defaults to 'master' if no other field is defined.
- `commit` (String) Commit SHA to check out, takes precedence over all reference fields.  This can be combined with Branch to shallow clone the branch, in which the commit is expected to exist.
- `name` (String) Name of the reference to check out; takes precedence over Branch, Tag and SemVer.  It must be a valid Git reference: https://git-scm.com/docs/git-check-ref-format#_description Examples: 'refs/heads/main', 'refs/tags/v0.1.0', 'refs/pull/420/head', 'refs/merge-requests/1/head'
- `semver` (String) SemVer tag expression to check out, takes precedence over Tag.
- `tag` (String) Tag to check out, takes precedence over Branch.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.secret_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--verify"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.verify`

Required:

- `secret_ref` (Attributes) SecretRef specifies the Secret containing the public keys of trusted Git authors. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--verify--secret_ref))

Optional:

- `mode` (String) Mode specifies which Git object(s) should be verified.  The variants 'head' and 'HEAD' both imply the same thing, i.e. verify the commit that the HEAD of the Git repository points to. The variant 'head' solely exists to ensure backwards compatibility.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--verify--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.verify.secret_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.




<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_source_toolkit_fluxcd_io_git_repository_v1/import.sh"}}
