---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_source_toolkit_fluxcd_io_oci_repository_v1beta2 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "source.toolkit.fluxcd.io"
description: |-
  OCIRepository is the Schema for the ocirepositories API
---

# k8s_source_toolkit_fluxcd_io_oci_repository_v1beta2 (Resource)

OCIRepository is the Schema for the ocirepositories API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_source_toolkit_fluxcd_io_oci_repository_v1beta2" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) OCIRepositorySpec defines the desired state of OCIRepository (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `interval` (String) Interval at which the OCIRepository URL is checked for updates. This interval is approximate and may be subject to jitter to ensure efficient use of resources.
- `url` (String) URL is a reference to an OCI artifact repository hosted on a remote container registry.

Optional:

- `cert_secret_ref` (Attributes) CertSecretRef can be given the name of a Secret containing either or both of  - a PEM-encoded client certificate ('tls.crt') and private key ('tls.key'); - a PEM-encoded CA certificate ('ca.crt')  and whichever are supplied, will be used for connecting to the registry. The client cert and key are useful if you are authenticating with a certificate; the CA cert is useful if you are using a self-signed server certificate. The Secret must be of type 'Opaque' or 'kubernetes.io/tls'.  Note: Support for the 'caFile', 'certFile' and 'keyFile' keys have been deprecated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--cert_secret_ref))
- `ignore` (String) Ignore overrides the set of excluded patterns in the .sourceignore format (which is the same as .gitignore). If not provided, a default will be used, consult the documentation for your version to find out what those are.
- `insecure` (Boolean) Insecure allows connecting to a non-TLS HTTP container registry.
- `layer_selector` (Attributes) LayerSelector specifies which layer should be extracted from the OCI artifact. When not specified, the first layer found in the artifact is selected. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--layer_selector))
- `provider` (String) The provider used for authentication, can be 'aws', 'azure', 'gcp' or 'generic'. When not specified, defaults to 'generic'.
- `ref` (Attributes) The OCI reference to pull and monitor for changes, defaults to the latest tag. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ref))
- `secret_ref` (Attributes) SecretRef contains the secret name containing the registry login credentials to resolve image metadata. The secret must be of type kubernetes.io/dockerconfigjson. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--secret_ref))
- `service_account_name` (String) ServiceAccountName is the name of the Kubernetes ServiceAccount used to authenticate the image pull if the service account has attached pull secrets. For more information: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-service-account/#add-imagepullsecrets-to-a-service-account
- `suspend` (Boolean) This flag tells the controller to suspend the reconciliation of this source.
- `timeout` (String) The timeout for remote OCI Repository operations like pulling, defaults to 60s.
- `verify` (Attributes) Verify contains the secret name containing the trusted public keys used to verify the signature and specifies which provider to use to check whether OCI image is authentic. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--verify))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--cert_secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cert_secret_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--layer_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.layer_selector`

Optional:

- `media_type` (String) MediaType specifies the OCI media type of the layer which should be extracted from the OCI Artifact. The first layer matching this type is selected.
- `operation` (String) Operation specifies how the selected layer should be processed. By default, the layer compressed content is extracted to storage. When the operation is set to 'copy', the layer compressed content is persisted to storage as it is.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ref`

Optional:

- `digest` (String) Digest is the image digest to pull, takes precedence over SemVer. The value should be in the format 'sha256:<HASH>'.
- `semver` (String) SemVer is the range of tags to pull selecting the latest within the range, takes precedence over Tag.
- `tag` (String) Tag is the image tag to pull, defaults to latest.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.secret_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--verify"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.verify`

Required:

- `provider` (String) Provider specifies the technology used to sign the OCI Artifact.

Optional:

- `secret_ref` (Attributes) SecretRef specifies the Kubernetes Secret containing the trusted public keys. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--verify--secret_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--verify--secret_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.verify.secret_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent.




<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_source_toolkit_fluxcd_io_oci_repository_v1beta2/import.sh"}}
