---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_storage_k8s_io_storage_class_v1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "storage.k8s.io"
description: |-
  StorageClass describes the parameters for a class of storage for which PersistentVolumes can be dynamically provisioned.StorageClasses are non-namespaced; the name of the storage class according to etcd is in ObjectMeta.Name.
---

# k8s_storage_k8s_io_storage_class_v1 (Resource)

StorageClass describes the parameters for a class of storage for which PersistentVolumes can be dynamically provisioned.StorageClasses are non-namespaced; the name of the storage class according to etcd is in ObjectMeta.Name.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_storage_k8s_io_storage_class_v1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `k8s_provisioner` (String) provisioner indicates the type of the provisioner.
- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `allow_volume_expansion` (Boolean) allowVolumeExpansion shows whether the storage class allow volume expand.
- `allowed_topologies` (Attributes List) allowedTopologies restrict the node topologies where volumes can be dynamically provisioned. Each volume plugin defines its own supported topology specifications. An empty TopologySelectorTerm list means there is no topology restriction. This field is only honored by servers that enable the VolumeScheduling feature. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--allowed_topologies))
- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `mount_options` (List of String) mountOptions controls the mountOptions for dynamically provisioned PersistentVolumes of this storage class. e.g. ['ro', 'soft']. Not validated - mount of the PVs will simply fail if one is invalid.
- `parameters` (Map of String) parameters holds the parameters for the provisioner that should create volumes of this storage class.
- `reclaim_policy` (String) reclaimPolicy controls the reclaimPolicy for dynamically provisioned PersistentVolumes of this storage class. Defaults to Delete.
- `volume_binding_mode` (String) volumeBindingMode indicates how PersistentVolumeClaims should be provisioned and bound.  When unset, VolumeBindingImmediate is used. This field is only honored by servers that enable the VolumeScheduling feature.
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--allowed_topologies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allowed_topologies`

Optional:

- `match_label_expressions` (Attributes List) A list of topology selector requirements by labels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--allowed_topologies--match_label_expressions))

<a id="nestedatt--allowed_topologies--match_label_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allowed_topologies.match_label_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `values` (List of String) An array of string values. One value must match the label to be selected. Each entry in Values is ORed.



<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_storage_k8s_io_storage_class_v1/import.sh"}}
