---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_storage_k8s_io_csi_node_v1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "storage.k8s.io"
description: |-
  CSINode holds information about all CSI drivers installed on a node. CSI drivers do not need to create the CSINode object directly. As long as they use the node-driver-registrar sidecar container, the kubelet will automatically populate the CSINode object for the CSI driver as part of kubelet plugin registration. CSINode has the same name as a node. If the object is missing, it means either there are no CSI Drivers available on the node, or the Kubelet version is low enough that it doesn't create this object. CSINode has an OwnerReference that points to the corresponding node object.
---

# k8s_storage_k8s_io_csi_node_v1 (Resource)

CSINode holds information about all CSI drivers installed on a node. CSI drivers do not need to create the CSINode object directly. As long as they use the node-driver-registrar sidecar container, the kubelet will automatically populate the CSINode object for the CSI driver as part of kubelet plugin registration. CSINode has the same name as a node. If the object is missing, it means either there are no CSI Drivers available on the node, or the Kubelet version is low enough that it doesn't create this object. CSINode has an OwnerReference that points to the corresponding node object.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_storage_k8s_io_csi_node_v1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) CSINodeSpec holds information about the specification of all CSI drivers installed on a node (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `drivers` (Attributes List) drivers is a list of information of all CSI Drivers existing on a node. If all drivers in the list are uninstalled, this can become empty. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--drivers))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--drivers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.drivers`

Required:

- `name` (String) This is the name of the CSI driver that this object refers to. This MUST be the same name returned by the CSI GetPluginName() call for that driver.
- `node_id` (String) nodeID of the node from the driver point of view. This field enables Kubernetes to communicate with storage systems that do not share the same nomenclature for nodes. For example, Kubernetes may refer to a given node as 'node1', but the storage system may refer to the same node as 'nodeA'. When Kubernetes issues a command to the storage system to attach a volume to a specific node, it can use this field to refer to the node name using the ID that the storage system will understand, e.g. 'nodeA' instead of 'node1'. This field is required.

Optional:

- `allocatable` (Attributes) VolumeNodeResources is a set of resource limits for scheduling of volumes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--drivers--allocatable))
- `topology_keys` (List of String) topologyKeys is the list of keys supported by the driver. When a driver is initialized on a cluster, it provides a set of topology keys that it understands (e.g. 'company.com/zone', 'company.com/region'). When a driver is initialized on a node, it provides the same topology keys along with values. Kubelet will expose these topology keys as labels on its own node object. When Kubernetes does topology aware provisioning, it can use this list to determine which labels it should retrieve from the node object and pass back to the driver. It is possible for different nodes to use different topology keys. This can be empty if driver does not support topology.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--drivers--allocatable"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.drivers.allocatable`

Optional:

- `count` (Number) Maximum number of unique volumes managed by the CSI driver that can be used on a node. A volume that is both attached and mounted on a node is considered to be used once, not twice. The same rule applies for a unique volume that is shared among multiple pods on the same node. If this field is not specified, then the supported number of volumes on this node is unbounded.




<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_storage_k8s_io_csi_node_v1/import.sh"}}
