---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_tests_testkube_io_test_source_v1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "tests.testkube.io"
description: |-
  TestSource is the Schema for the testsources API
---

# k8s_tests_testkube_io_test_source_v1 (Resource)

TestSource is the Schema for the testsources API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_tests_testkube_io_test_source_v1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) TestSourceSpec defines the desired state of TestSource (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `data` (String) test content body
- `repository` (Attributes) repository of test content (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--repository))
- `type` (String)
- `uri` (String) uri of test content

<a id="nestedatt--spec--repository"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.repository`

Required:

- `type` (String) VCS repository type
- `uri` (String) uri of content file or git directory

Optional:

- `auth_type` (String) auth type for git requests
- `branch` (String) branch/tag name for checkout
- `certificate_secret` (String) git auth certificate secret for private repositories
- `commit` (String) commit id (sha) for checkout
- `path` (String) if needed we can checkout particular path (dir or file) in case of BIG/mono repositories
- `token_secret` (Attributes) Testkube internal reference for secret storage in Kubernetes secrets (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--repository--token_secret))
- `username_secret` (Attributes) Testkube internal reference for secret storage in Kubernetes secrets (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--repository--username_secret))
- `working_dir` (String) if provided we checkout the whole repository and run test from this directory

<a id="nestedatt--spec--repository--token_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.repository.token_secret`

Required:

- `key` (String) object key
- `name` (String) object name


<a id="nestedatt--spec--repository--username_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.repository.username_secret`

Required:

- `key` (String) object key
- `name` (String) object name




<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_tests_testkube_io_test_source_v1/import.sh"}}
