---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_tests_testkube_io_test_v2 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "tests.testkube.io"
description: |-
  Test is the Schema for the tests API
---

# k8s_tests_testkube_io_test_v2 (Resource)

Test is the Schema for the tests API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_tests_testkube_io_test_v2" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `spec` (Attributes) TestSpec defines the desired state of Test (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `content` (Attributes) test content object (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--content))
- `executor_args` (List of String) additional executor binary arguments
- `name` (String) test execution custom name
- `params` (Map of String) DEPRECATED execution params passed to executor
- `schedule` (String) schedule in cron job format for scheduled test execution
- `type` (String) test type
- `variables` (Attributes) Variables are new params with secrets attached (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--variables))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--content"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.content`

Optional:

- `data` (String) test content body
- `repository` (Attributes) repository of test content (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--content--repository))
- `type` (String) test type
- `uri` (String) uri of test content

<a id="nestedatt--spec--content--repository"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.content.repository`

Required:

- `type` (String) VCS repository type
- `uri` (String) uri of content file or git directory

Optional:

- `branch` (String) branch/tag name for checkout
- `commit` (String) commit id (sha) for checkout
- `path` (String) if needed we can checkout particular path (dir or file) in case of BIG/mono repositories
- `token` (String) git auth token for private repositories
- `username` (String) git auth username for private repositories



<a id="nestedatt--spec--variables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.variables`

Optional:

- `name` (String) variable name
- `type` (String) variable type
- `value` (String) variable string value
- `value_from` (Attributes) or load it from var source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--variables--value_from))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--variables--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.variables.value_from`

Optional:

- `config_map_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a ConfigMap. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--variables--value_from--config_map_key_ref))
- `field_ref` (Attributes) Selects a field of the pod: supports metadata.name, metadata.namespace, 'metadata.labels['<KEY>']', 'metadata.annotations['<KEY>']', spec.nodeName, spec.serviceAccountName, status.hostIP, status.podIP, status.podIPs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--variables--value_from--field_ref))
- `resource_field_ref` (Attributes) Selects a resource of the container: only resources limits and requests (limits.cpu, limits.memory, limits.ephemeral-storage, requests.cpu, requests.memory and requests.ephemeral-storage) are currently supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--variables--value_from--resource_field_ref))
- `secret_key_ref` (Attributes) Selects a key of a secret in the pod's namespace (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--variables--value_from--secret_key_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--variables--value_from--config_map_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.variables.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key to select.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the ConfigMap or its key must be defined


<a id="nestedatt--spec--variables--value_from--field_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.variables.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `field_path` (String) Path of the field to select in the specified API version.

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) Version of the schema the FieldPath is written in terms of, defaults to 'v1'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--variables--value_from--resource_field_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.variables.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `resource` (String) Required: resource to select

Optional:

- `container_name` (String) Container name: required for volumes, optional for env vars
- `divisor` (String) Specifies the output format of the exposed resources, defaults to '1'


<a id="nestedatt--spec--variables--value_from--secret_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.variables.value_from.secret_key_ref`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the secret to select from.  Must be a valid secret key.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names TODO: Add other useful fields. apiVersion, kind, uid?
- `optional` (Boolean) Specify whether the Secret or its key must be defined





<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_tests_testkube_io_test_v2/import.sh"}}
