---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_topology_node_k8s_io_node_resource_topology_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "topology.node.k8s.io"
description: |-
  NodeResourceTopology describes node resources and their topology.
---

# k8s_topology_node_k8s_io_node_resource_topology_v1alpha1 (Resource)

NodeResourceTopology describes node resources and their topology.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_topology_node_k8s_io_node_resource_topology_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `topology_policies` (List of String)
- `zones` (Attributes List) ZoneList contains an array of Zone objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--zones))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--zones"></a>
### Nested Schema for `zones`

Required:

- `name` (String)
- `type` (String)

Optional:

- `attributes` (Attributes List) AttributeList contains an array of AttributeInfo objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--zones--attributes))
- `costs` (Attributes List) CostList contains an array of CostInfo objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--zones--costs))
- `parent` (String)
- `resources` (Attributes List) ResourceInfoList contains an array of ResourceInfo objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--zones--resources))

<a id="nestedatt--zones--attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `zones.attributes`

Required:

- `name` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--zones--costs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `zones.costs`

Required:

- `name` (String)
- `value` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--zones--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `zones.resources`

Required:

- `allocatable` (String) Allocatable quantity of the resource, corresponding to allocatable in node status, i.e. total amount of this resource available to be used by pods.
- `available` (String) Available is the amount of this resource currently available for new (to be scheduled) pods, i.e. Allocatable minus the resources reserved by currently running pods.
- `capacity` (String) Capacity of the resource, corresponding to capacity in node status, i.e. total amount of this resource that the node has.
- `name` (String) Name of the resource.



<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_topology_node_k8s_io_node_resource_topology_v1alpha1/import.sh"}}
