---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_traefik_io_tls_store_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "traefik.io"
description: |-
  TLSStore is the CRD implementation of a Traefik TLS Store. For the time being, only the TLSStore named default is supported. This means that you cannot have two stores that are named default in different Kubernetes namespaces. More info: https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/v3.0/https/tls/#certificates-stores
---

# k8s_traefik_io_tls_store_v1alpha1 (Resource)

TLSStore is the CRD implementation of a Traefik TLS Store. For the time being, only the TLSStore named default is supported. This means that you cannot have two stores that are named default in different Kubernetes namespaces. More info: https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/v3.0/https/tls/#certificates-stores

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_traefik_io_tls_store_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name      = "some-name"
    namespace = "some-namespace"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) TLSStoreSpec defines the desired state of a TLSStore. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.namespace/metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `certificates` (Attributes List) Certificates is a list of secret names, each secret holding a key/certificate pair to add to the store. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--certificates))
- `default_certificate` (Attributes) DefaultCertificate defines the default certificate configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--default_certificate))
- `default_generated_cert` (Attributes) DefaultGeneratedCert defines the default generated certificate configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--default_generated_cert))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--certificates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.certificates`

Required:

- `secret_name` (String) SecretName is the name of the referenced Kubernetes Secret to specify the certificate details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--default_certificate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.default_certificate`

Required:

- `secret_name` (String) SecretName is the name of the referenced Kubernetes Secret to specify the certificate details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--default_generated_cert"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.default_generated_cert`

Optional:

- `domain` (Attributes) Domain is the domain definition for the DefaultCertificate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--default_generated_cert--domain))
- `resolver` (String) Resolver is the name of the resolver that will be used to issue the DefaultCertificate.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--default_generated_cert--domain"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.default_generated_cert.domain`

Optional:

- `main` (String) Main defines the main domain name.
- `sans` (List of String) SANs defines the subject alternative domain names.




<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_traefik_io_tls_store_v1alpha1/import.sh"}}
