---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_traefik_containo_us_ingress_route_tcp_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "traefik.containo.us"
description: |-
  IngressRouteTCP is the CRD implementation of a Traefik TCP Router.
---

# k8s_traefik_containo_us_ingress_route_tcp_v1alpha1 (Resource)

IngressRouteTCP is the CRD implementation of a Traefik TCP Router.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_traefik_containo_us_ingress_route_tcp_v1alpha1" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
  spec = {
    routes = []
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) IngressRouteTCPSpec defines the desired state of IngressRouteTCP. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `routes` (Attributes List) Routes defines the list of routes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes))

Optional:

- `entry_points` (List of String) EntryPoints defines the list of entry point names to bind to. Entry points have to be configured in the static configuration. More info: https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/v2.9/routing/entrypoints/ Default: all.
- `tls` (Attributes) TLS defines the TLS configuration on a layer 4 / TCP Route. More info: https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/v2.9/routing/routers/#tls_1 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tls))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes`

Required:

- `match` (String) Match defines the router's rule. More info: https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/v2.9/routing/routers/#rule_1

Optional:

- `middlewares` (Attributes List) Middlewares defines the list of references to MiddlewareTCP resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--middlewares))
- `priority` (Number) Priority defines the router's priority. More info: https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/v2.9/routing/routers/#priority_1
- `services` (Attributes List) Services defines the list of TCP services. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--services))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--middlewares"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.middlewares`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name defines the name of the referenced Traefik resource.

Optional:

- `namespace` (String) Namespace defines the namespace of the referenced Traefik resource.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--services"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.services`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name defines the name of the referenced Kubernetes Service.
- `port` (Dynamic) Port defines the port of a Kubernetes Service. This can be a reference to a named port.

Optional:

- `namespace` (String) Namespace defines the namespace of the referenced Kubernetes Service.
- `proxy_protocol` (Attributes) ProxyProtocol defines the PROXY protocol configuration. More info: https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/v2.9/routing/services/#proxy-protocol (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--services--proxy_protocol))
- `termination_delay` (Number) TerminationDelay defines the deadline that the proxy sets, after one of its connected peers indicates it has closed the writing capability of its connection, to close the reading capability as well, hence fully terminating the connection. It is a duration in milliseconds, defaulting to 100. A negative value means an infinite deadline (i.e. the reading capability is never closed).
- `weight` (Number) Weight defines the weight used when balancing requests between multiple Kubernetes Service.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--services--proxy_protocol"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.services.weight`

Optional:

- `version` (Number) Version defines the PROXY Protocol version to use.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tls`

Optional:

- `cert_resolver` (String) CertResolver defines the name of the certificate resolver to use. Cert resolvers have to be configured in the static configuration. More info: https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/v2.9/https/acme/#certificate-resolvers
- `domains` (Attributes List) Domains defines the list of domains that will be used to issue certificates. More info: https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/v2.9/routing/routers/#domains (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tls--domains))
- `options` (Attributes) Options defines the reference to a TLSOption, that specifies the parameters of the TLS connection. If not defined, the 'default' TLSOption is used. More info: https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/v2.9/https/tls/#tls-options (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tls--options))
- `passthrough` (Boolean) Passthrough defines whether a TLS router will terminate the TLS connection.
- `secret_name` (String) SecretName is the name of the referenced Kubernetes Secret to specify the certificate details.
- `store` (Attributes) Store defines the reference to the TLSStore, that will be used to store certificates. Please note that only 'default' TLSStore can be used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tls--store))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--tls--domains"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tls.domains`

Optional:

- `main` (String) Main defines the main domain name.
- `sans` (List of String) SANs defines the subject alternative domain names.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tls--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tls.options`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name defines the name of the referenced Traefik resource.

Optional:

- `namespace` (String) Namespace defines the namespace of the referenced Traefik resource.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tls--store"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tls.store`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name defines the name of the referenced Traefik resource.

Optional:

- `namespace` (String) Namespace defines the namespace of the referenced Traefik resource.


