---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_traefik_containo_us_ingress_route_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "traefik.containo.us/v1alpha1"
description: |-
  IngressRoute is the CRD implementation of a Traefik HTTP Router.
---

# k8s_traefik_containo_us_ingress_route_v1alpha1 (Resource)

IngressRoute is the CRD implementation of a Traefik HTTP Router.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_traefik_containo_us_ingress_route_v1alpha1" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
  spec = {
    routes = []
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) IngressRouteSpec defines the desired state of IngressRoute. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `routes` (Attributes List) Routes defines the list of routes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes))

Optional:

- `entry_points` (List of String) EntryPoints defines the list of entry point names to bind to. Entry points have to be configured in the static configuration. More info: https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/v2.9/routing/entrypoints/ Default: all.
- `tls` (Attributes) TLS defines the TLS configuration. More info: https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/v2.9/routing/routers/#tls (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tls))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes`

Required:

- `kind` (String) Kind defines the kind of the route. Rule is the only supported kind.
- `match` (String) Match defines the router's rule. More info: https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/v2.9/routing/routers/#rule

Optional:

- `middlewares` (Attributes List) Middlewares defines the list of references to Middleware resources. More info: https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/v2.9/routing/providers/kubernetes-crd/#kind-middleware (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--middlewares))
- `priority` (Number) Priority defines the router's priority. More info: https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/v2.9/routing/routers/#priority
- `services` (Attributes List) Services defines the list of Service. It can contain any combination of TraefikService and/or reference to a Kubernetes Service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--services))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--middlewares"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.middlewares`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name defines the name of the referenced Middleware resource.

Optional:

- `namespace` (String) Namespace defines the namespace of the referenced Middleware resource.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--services"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.services`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name defines the name of the referenced Kubernetes Service or TraefikService. The differentiation between the two is specified in the Kind field.

Optional:

- `kind` (String) Kind defines the kind of the Service.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace defines the namespace of the referenced Kubernetes Service or TraefikService.
- `pass_host_header` (Boolean) PassHostHeader defines whether the client Host header is forwarded to the upstream Kubernetes Service. By default, passHostHeader is true.
- `port` (String) Port defines the port of a Kubernetes Service. This can be a reference to a named port.
- `response_forwarding` (Attributes) ResponseForwarding defines how Traefik forwards the response from the upstream Kubernetes Service to the client. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--services--response_forwarding))
- `scheme` (String) Scheme defines the scheme to use for the request to the upstream Kubernetes Service. It defaults to https when Kubernetes Service port is 443, http otherwise.
- `servers_transport` (String) ServersTransport defines the name of ServersTransport resource to use. It allows to configure the transport between Traefik and your servers. Can only be used on a Kubernetes Service.
- `sticky` (Attributes) Sticky defines the sticky sessions configuration. More info: https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/v2.9/routing/services/#sticky-sessions (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--services--sticky))
- `strategy` (String) Strategy defines the load balancing strategy between the servers. RoundRobin is the only supported value at the moment.
- `weight` (Number) Weight defines the weight and should only be specified when Name references a TraefikService object (and to be precise, one that embeds a Weighted Round Robin).

<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--services--response_forwarding"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.services.weight`

Optional:

- `flush_interval` (String) FlushInterval defines the interval, in milliseconds, in between flushes to the client while copying the response body. A negative value means to flush immediately after each write to the client. This configuration is ignored when ReverseProxy recognizes a response as a streaming response; for such responses, writes are flushed to the client immediately. Default: 100ms


<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--services--sticky"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.services.weight`

Optional:

- `cookie` (Attributes) Cookie defines the sticky cookie configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--routes--services--weight--cookie))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--routes--services--weight--cookie"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.routes.services.weight.cookie`

Optional:

- `http_only` (Boolean) HTTPOnly defines whether the cookie can be accessed by client-side APIs, such as JavaScript.
- `name` (String) Name defines the Cookie name.
- `same_site` (String) SameSite defines the same site policy. More info: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Set-Cookie/SameSite
- `secure` (Boolean) Secure defines whether the cookie can only be transmitted over an encrypted connection (i.e. HTTPS).





<a id="nestedatt--spec--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tls`

Optional:

- `cert_resolver` (String) CertResolver defines the name of the certificate resolver to use. Cert resolvers have to be configured in the static configuration. More info: https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/v2.9/https/acme/#certificate-resolvers
- `domains` (Attributes List) Domains defines the list of domains that will be used to issue certificates. More info: https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/v2.9/routing/routers/#domains (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tls--domains))
- `options` (Attributes) Options defines the reference to a TLSOption, that specifies the parameters of the TLS connection. If not defined, the 'default' TLSOption is used. More info: https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/v2.9/https/tls/#tls-options (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tls--options))
- `secret_name` (String) SecretName is the name of the referenced Kubernetes Secret to specify the certificate details.
- `store` (Attributes) Store defines the reference to the TLSStore, that will be used to store certificates. Please note that only 'default' TLSStore can be used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tls--store))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--tls--domains"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tls.domains`

Optional:

- `main` (String) Main defines the main domain name.
- `sans` (List of String) SANs defines the subject alternative domain names.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tls--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tls.options`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name defines the name of the referenced TLSOption. More info: https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/v2.9/routing/providers/kubernetes-crd/#kind-tlsoption

Optional:

- `namespace` (String) Namespace defines the namespace of the referenced TLSOption. More info: https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/v2.9/routing/providers/kubernetes-crd/#kind-tlsoption


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tls--store"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tls.store`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name defines the name of the referenced TLSStore. More info: https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/v2.9/routing/providers/kubernetes-crd/#kind-tlsstore

Optional:

- `namespace` (String) Namespace defines the namespace of the referenced TLSStore. More info: https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/v2.9/routing/providers/kubernetes-crd/#kind-tlsstore


