---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_wgpolicyk8s_io_policy_report_v1alpha2 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "wgpolicyk8s.io/v1alpha2"
description: |-
  PolicyReport is the Schema for the policyreports API
---

# k8s_wgpolicyk8s_io_policy_report_v1alpha2 (Resource)

PolicyReport is the Schema for the policyreports API

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_wgpolicyk8s_io_policy_report_v1alpha2" "minimal" {
  metadata = {
    name = "test"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Optional

- `results` (Attributes List) PolicyReportResult provides result details (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results))
- `scope` (Attributes) Scope is an optional reference to the report scope (e.g. a Deployment, Namespace, or Node) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scope))
- `scope_selector` (Attributes) ScopeSelector is an optional selector for multiple scopes (e.g. Pods). Either one of, or none of, but not both of, Scope or ScopeSelector should be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scope_selector))
- `summary` (Attributes) PolicyReportSummary provides a summary of results (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--summary))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources
- `id` (Number) The timestamp of the last change to this resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `yaml` (String) The generated manifest in YAML format.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.
- `namespace` (String) Namespaces provides a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results`

Required:

- `policy` (String) Policy is the name or identifier of the policy

Optional:

- `category` (String) Category indicates policy category
- `message` (String) Description is a short user friendly message for the policy rule
- `properties` (Map of String) Properties provides additional information for the policy rule
- `resource_selector` (Attributes) SubjectSelector is an optional label selector for checked Kubernetes resources. For example, a policy result may apply to all pods that match a label. Either a Subject or a SubjectSelector can be specified. If neither are provided, the result is assumed to be for the policy report scope. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--resource_selector))
- `resources` (Attributes List) Subjects is an optional reference to the checked Kubernetes resources (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--resources))
- `result` (String) Result indicates the outcome of the policy rule execution
- `rule` (String) Rule is the name or identifier of the rule within the policy
- `scored` (Boolean) Scored indicates if this result is scored
- `severity` (String) Severity indicates policy check result criticality
- `source` (String) Source is an identifier for the policy engine that manages this report
- `timestamp` (Attributes) Timestamp indicates the time the result was found (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--timestamp))

<a id="nestedatt--results--resource_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.resource_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--resource_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--results--resource_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.resource_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--results--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.resources`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.
- `field_path` (String) If referring to a piece of an object instead of an entire object, this string should contain a valid JSON/Go field access statement, such as desiredState.manifest.containers[2]. For example, if the object reference is to a container within a pod, this would take on a value like: 'spec.containers{name}' (where 'name' refers to the name of the container that triggered the event) or if no container name is specified 'spec.containers[2]' (container with index 2 in this pod). This syntax is chosen only to have some well-defined way of referencing a part of an object. TODO: this design is not final and this field is subject to change in the future.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/
- `resource_version` (String) Specific resourceVersion to which this reference is made, if any. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `uid` (String) UID of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#uids


<a id="nestedatt--results--timestamp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.timestamp`

Required:

- `nanos` (Number) Non-negative fractions of a second at nanosecond resolution. Negative second values with fractions must still have non-negative nanos values that count forward in time. Must be from 0 to 999,999,999 inclusive. This field may be limited in precision depending on context.
- `seconds` (Number) Represents seconds of UTC time since Unix epoch 1970-01-01T00:00:00Z. Must be from 0001-01-01T00:00:00Z to 9999-12-31T23:59:59Z inclusive.



<a id="nestedatt--scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the referent.
- `field_path` (String) If referring to a piece of an object instead of an entire object, this string should contain a valid JSON/Go field access statement, such as desiredState.manifest.containers[2]. For example, if the object reference is to a container within a pod, this would take on a value like: 'spec.containers{name}' (where 'name' refers to the name of the container that triggered the event) or if no container name is specified 'spec.containers[2]' (container with index 2 in this pod). This syntax is chosen only to have some well-defined way of referencing a part of an object. TODO: this design is not final and this field is subject to change in the future.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the referent. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds
- `name` (String) Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/
- `resource_version` (String) Specific resourceVersion to which this reference is made, if any. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `uid` (String) UID of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#uids


<a id="nestedatt--scope_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope_selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scope_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is 'key', the operator is 'In', and the values array contains only 'value'. The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedatt--scope_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope_selector.match_expressions`

Required:

- `key` (String) key is the label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) operator represents a key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators are In, NotIn, Exists and DoesNotExist.

Optional:

- `values` (List of String) values is an array of string values. If the operator is In or NotIn, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is Exists or DoesNotExist, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.



<a id="nestedatt--summary"></a>
### Nested Schema for `summary`

Optional:

- `error` (Number) Error provides the count of policies that could not be evaluated
- `fail` (Number) Fail provides the count of policies whose requirements were not met
- `pass` (Number) Pass provides the count of policies whose requirements were met
- `skip` (Number) Skip indicates the count of policies that were not selected for evaluation
- `warn` (Number) Warn provides the count of non-scored policies whose requirements were not met


