---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "k8s_work_karmada_io_cluster_resource_binding_v1alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: "work.karmada.io"
description: |-
  ClusterResourceBinding represents a binding of a kubernetes resource with a ClusterPropagationPolicy.
---

# k8s_work_karmada_io_cluster_resource_binding_v1alpha1 (Resource)

ClusterResourceBinding represents a binding of a kubernetes resource with a ClusterPropagationPolicy.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_work_karmada_io_cluster_resource_binding_v1alpha1" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name = "some-name"

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Data that helps uniquely identify this object. See https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) Spec represents the desired behavior. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Optional

- `field_manager` (Boolean) The name of the manager used to track field ownership. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, server-side apply will force the changes against conflicts. If not specified uses the value from the provider configuration.
- `wait_for` (Attributes List) Wait for specific conditions after create/update of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_for))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Contains the value `metadata.name`.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names for more details.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used by external tooling to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata about this object. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ for more details.
- `labels` (Map of String) Keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `resource` (Attributes) Resource represents the Kubernetes resource to be propagated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resource))

Optional:

- `clusters` (Attributes List) Clusters represents target member clusters where the resource to be deployed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--clusters))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resource`

Required:

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion represents the API version of the referent.
- `kind` (String) Kind represents the Kind of the referent.
- `name` (String) Name represents the name of the referent.

Optional:

- `namespace` (String) Namespace represents the namespace for the referent. For non-namespace scoped resources(e.g. 'ClusterRole')，do not need specify Namespace, and for namespace scoped resources, Namespace is required. If Namespace is not specified, means the resource is non-namespace scoped.
- `replicas` (Number) Replicas represents the replica number of the referencing resource.
- `resource_per_replicas` (Map of String) ReplicaResourceRequirements represents the resources required by each replica.
- `resource_version` (String) ResourceVersion represents the internal version of the referenced object, that can be used by clients to determine when object has changed.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--clusters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.clusters`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of target cluster.

Optional:

- `replicas` (Number) Replicas in target cluster



<a id="nestedatt--wait_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_for`

Required:

- `jsonpath` (String) Relaxed JSONPath expression to use. See https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubectl/pkg/cmd/get#RelaxedJSONPathExpression for details.

Optional:

- `timeout` (String) The length of time to wait before giving up. Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.
- `value` (String) The value to wait for. If not specified, waiting will complete as soon as JSONPath expression exists and has any non-empty value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/var/home/seb/git/metio/terraform-provider-k8s/development/examples/resources/k8s_work_karmada_io_cluster_resource_binding_v1alpha1/import.sh"}}
